Mavericks behind Carlos Ghosn’s escape . Brexit will speed Scottish independence, says Nicola Sturgeon . Closing the book on a testing January . The buck stops with Johnson now Britain is out of the EU . Sharon White’s immediate challenges as John Lewis chairman . Letter: ‘Cri de coeur’ fails the test of economic rationality . Letter: The chance for London to snatch back the top spot . Paris casts doubt on sale of British Steel French plant . Johnson vows to ‘keep digging’ with HS2 green light . EU warns Britain about the price of Brexit . David Cameron wealth mounts since quitting as prime minister . Antonio Citterio’s perfect weekend in Milan . Bernie Sanders, a socialist surges in Iowa . Aston Martin: no Stroll in the park . Always detached, Britain has now forced a complete break from Brussels . Lina Ben Mhenni, blogger and activist, 1983-2020 . Flight carrying British nationals out of Wuhan touches down . A Scheme of Heaven by Alexander Boxer — the power of astrology . Cigarettes After Sex singer Greg Gonzalez on going viral . IBM turns to technologist chief for cloud computing battle . Canberra declares emergency as fires threaten Australia’s capital . Sundance 2020: from strippers and body horror to Hillary Clinton . Brexit gives Britain a chance to fix its immigration policy . Property buyers wary in Bariloche, ‘Argentina’s Aspen’ . Eurozone grows just 0.1 per cent as France and Italy shrink . Heeeeeere comes Iowa (and maybe Bernie) . FT Weekend Quiz: Simply Red, the BBC and James Bond . Steve Martin and Martin Short talk standup, politics and their live show . Opening Quote: Aston Martin raises £500m in emergency fund raising . Jim Ratcliffe’s Ineos to sponsor Mercedes Formula One team . Elon Musk jolted by German protests over Tesla factory plan . Avocado crime soars ahead of America’s Super Bowl . Living on the veg: London’s top spots for vegan eats . 1/Off Paris — the French label making upcycling sexy . Why Microsoft and Tesla are the decade’s big disrupters . Amazon: Prime numbers . Rose Byrne and Bobby Cannavale in a genuinely shocking Medea in New York . Daniel Loeb slams Washington ‘swamp’ in tussle over SEC rule . Ginni Rometty steps down as IBM tackles cloud era . Hong Kong says radical protesters are plotting bombing campaign . What will India do to revive its stuttering growth? . Brexit: Britain bows out of EU as Bank of England downgrades outlook . Boris Johnson faces backbench rebellion over HS2 . Tories move to decriminalise BBC licence fee evasion . BBC faces being eaten by giant blob . Ireland warns no special favours for UK in EU trade talks . This will be Africa’s century . Aston Martin board meets over emergency fundraising . Daniel Humm on feeling invigorated by Russian banya treatments, Pierre Jeanneret furniture and Kyoto’s kaiseki cuisine . Nintendo: time to Switch . England suffers further drop in apprenticeship starts . US banks placed on Hong Kong ‘list of shame’ over IPO date error . Madonna steps outside her comfort zone at the London Palladium . Cute timing, as Britain tilts towards Europe over 5G . Japan issues arrest warrants for Carlos Ghosn’s alleged US accomplices . Sarah Sands to step down as editor of BBC’s Today programme . GAM fined by Swiss exchange after accounting misstatement . Goldman’s missing Y axis . Brexit: will Boris Johnson reverse Thatcherism? . Europe’s Green Deal must reach beyond its borders . Latin and Greek have no place in the investment world . Post-Brexit Britain cannot rely on a special relationship . JPMorgan hires William Vereker as chief ‘rainmaker’ for Europe . Apple? Bose? What your headphones say about you . Letter: Don’t let Putin claim all the glory for the Soviet Union . Goldman’s path to becoming more like JPMorgan . Trump weaponises the dollar in drive to put America first . British businesses face disruption if London diverges from EU sanctions . Facebook: off the Mark . Letter: Let’s raise a glass to the European project . Pompeo urges Britain to reconsider Huawei 5G decision . Johnson and Javid order budget cuts of at least 5% . The Bank of England should hold fire on rates . Goldman Sachs: break it up . European Parliament gives its blessing to UK’s Brexit deal . Trump signs trade deal with Mexico and Canada . Vodafone: eurovision . Banksy’s message for Brexit Britain . Germany says economic recovery has reached turning point . Saudi Telecom to pay $2.4bn for Vodafone Egypt stake . A new year marks a new phase of Hong Kong protests . Clint Eastwood’s Richard Jewell is a tale of good guys and bad guys . Baroness Mone is now flogging business retreats for £15,000 . Trump rages at Bolton as Senate weighs calling witnesses . Brexit Britain trapped between superpowers . Sturgill Simpson breaks the rules and goads the audience at London show . Donald Trump makes a grab for US trade power . Britain steps into the unknown . Global miners failing to meet Paris climate goals . BT demands return of WiFi routers in e-waste clampdown . Nigeria makes anti-corruption moves amid criticism over progress . The Apple effect: Germany fears being left behind by Big Tech . Letter: De Bernières’ views on how the EU works are peculiarly British . Australia’s bushfires drive sheep meat prices to record highs . Starbucks closes half of China stores as virus hits . Letter: Go hector China and India — if they’ll let you in . Donald Trump pleases Israel with long-awaited Middle East peace plan . How China is shaking up its interest-rate regime . Activists ponder the real returns on investment in Japan . LVMH sales hit by Hong Kong protests . Britain needs a balanced policy on immigration . Harvard’s chemistry chair accused of lying about work for China . Luca De Meo named chief of French carmaker Renault . Britain after Brexit will not be alone, but it will be lonelier . British banks told to explain near-identical 40% overdraft charges . Boeing’s travails run deeper than a few bad apples . Air India/state sell-offs: Thatch unmatched . UK competition policy undermines British start-ups . John Lewis to stop reporting weekly sales figures . Ryanair boss says UK government ‘blindsided by billionaires’ over Flybe . Underlying durable goods orders weaken in December . Cathay Pacific to sharply reduce flights to mainland China . ‘Kama Sutra’ publisher Quarto rebuffs £90m takeover . Regulation goes digital; Kabbage grows; Singapore’s fintech rush . Russia to go it alone on construction of Nord Stream 2 pipeline . Germany’s SAP hit by fall in cloud computing orders . South Korea and Japan: will tensions flare in 2020? . Tom Steyer’s presidential bid finds an audience in South Carolina . Foreign states must end their hypocrisy in Libya . Shinzo Abe nominates dovish economist to Bank of Japan . Irish opposition party trains sights on Leo Varadkar . Investors embrace millennial co-living in Asia’s megacities . Brexit: What happens after January 31 . Donald Trump’s defence tries to steer focus from John Bolton claims . Boris Johnson feels increasing heat over UK 5G role for Huawei . Spectre of stagflation looms over India and China . Letter: Latin American insights into the US position . Letter: BBC’s move has benefited the whole of Greater Manchester . Leo Varadkar warns of EU advantage in Brexit deal . Correction: Morgan Stanley . Prince Andrew provided ‘zero co-operation’ in Epstein probe, US says . Russia wins rights to Stolichnaya vodka in Benelux region . Peak tech as Apple, Amazon, Facebook, Microsoft report . John Bolton must be allowed to testify in trial of Donald Trump . Support grows for John Bolton impeachment testimony . Frühlingsstürme — an opera banned by the Nazis returns to Berlin . Brexit is a moment to end Britain’s zero-sum politics . Ukraine’s richest man buys €200m French villa from Campari group . Sturgeon calls for post-Brexit ‘Scottish visa’ . Brexit dawns on a divided Europe . Japan’s would-be croupiers take a gamble on casino schools . China, not America, will decide the fate of the planet . John Bolton book intensifies calls for witnesses in Trump impeachment trial . Depopulation is eastern Europe’s biggest problem . Matteo Salvini thwarted in attempt to find way back to power in Italy . New Delhi launches new attempt to sell Air India . Why statisticians don’t think your iPhone is as expensive as you do . Why Russia is divided over domestic violence . Fidelity head Anne Richards on becoming the fund house to fear . The disruptive effects of Europe’s Green Deal . The Brussels Effect, by Anu Bradford . Manchester businesses agree to ban zero-hours contracts . The Chinese investor that backed WeWork and PizzaExpress . How staff came to question Google culture . How to make your MBA application count . Cartoon, January 27 . Philip Hammond joins advisory board of fintech OakNorth . Letter: Britain’s productivity no longer has either driver . Basketball legend Kobe Bryant dies in helicopter crash . Is Singapore’s ‘perfect’ economy coming apart? . FT Global MBA ranking 2020: analysis . Harvard regains crown as top MBA provider in FT rankings . Boris Johnson and ministers to decide fate of HS2 this week . Deutsche Bank payments to Saudi royal adviser probed . Putin’s invitation is an early test for post-Brexit Britain . Saudi Arabia takes £350m shot at Newcastle United . SBI seeks to be ‘white knight’ for Japan’s regional banks . East Africa battles worst swarms of locusts in decades . BlackRock hit by backlash in France . Narendra Modi’s culture war storms India’s elite universities . Common rules needed to foster Europe’s start-ups . When a rude boss keeps you waiting, why not walk out? . BBC/Netflix: Auntie Sally . Salvini seeks to unseat Italian left in Emilia Romagna stronghold . Laura Baldwin: ‘most hated employee’ who transformed the business . Brexit day, India budget, Boeing and Facebook results . Japan open to justice reform following Carlos Ghosn affair . Labour accused of bending rules to help Long Bailey . Conservative ministers must beware a tilt against London . Saudi wealth fund in talks to buy Newcastle United . Canadians count the cost of hosting Prince Harry and Meghan Markle . Investor inaction: a story behind Australia’s wildfires . Chopard CEO: Karl-Friedrich Scheufele swears by independence . Donald Trump called a ‘dictator’ at impeachment trial . UN envoy Karen Pierce tipped for Washington embassy job . South Korean groups look to take make-up for men mainstream . Rothschild heirs sue Vienna over trust seized by Nazis . Snapshot: ‘Wright Morris — The Home Place’ . Church of England raises pressure on miners over dams . E-scooter pioneer Bird in talks to acquire German rival Circ . Bernard Looney, a polished oilman at BP . Barclays: pay knot . Polish national carrier LOT buys Thomas Cook’s German airline Condor . The BBC must go back to doing what it does best . Italy threatens to fine Facebook in data disclosure row . Coding music live — Robert Henke brings retro computer sounds to the Barbican . Meeting grizzlies in British Columbia . Churchill’s Swiss retreat . The Bridge — the political power of gas pipelines to Europe . American Dirt — problematic portrait of Mexican migrants on the run . Agnieszka Holland on taking on Stalin’s starving of Ukraine in Mr Jones . Il Pomo d’Oro: Handel’s Agrippina — sharp-edged and full of menace . Sam Lee: Old Wow — folk music takes on climate change . A cunning plan to save the BBC . Democrats seek cracks in GOP impeachment unity . Jess Phillips ‘coulda been a contender’ for the Labour leadership . What one photographer learnt from Italy’s traumatised young migrants . Jair Bolsonaro finds unlikely ally in Hindu nationalist Modi . European bank bosses lack the Davos swagger of their US peers . British Steel plans cull of up to 500 jobs in shake-up . Deutsche Bank picks ex-foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel for board . Why the Jeff Bezos phone hack is a wake-up call for the powerful . Low by Jeet Thayil — nostalgia for Bombay meets modern Mumbai . Louis de Bernières: why I believe in Brexit . My First Million: Nicholas Gill, chief executive, David Phillips . Britain’s ‘Train Daddy’ escapes from New York . Why MBA networking matters — and how to make it work for you . Sir Adrian Montague: City or Westminster? . Boris Johnson faces diplomatic dilemma over Russia parade . George Soros launches $1bn move to educate against nationalism . Jamie Dimon’s pay rose to $31.5m in 2019 . Xerox tries to overthrow HP’s board . Portuguese banker named in Isabel dos Santos probe found dead . It’s goodbye to Jean Paul Gaultier — but the couture business is flourishing . Russian bank owners ordered to pay $900m over collapse . A la recherche du tech perdu . Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe’s husband urges tougher stance on Iran . Britain peers out of the Westminster tent to find a new model . Portugal’s Galp invests €2.2bn in Spanish solar schemes . Hochtief/Dubai hotels: deconstructed . British Steel’s Chinese buyer strikes deal with unions . European banks: FICC cannot fix it . With UK deal, EU wants to avoid another Swiss mess . Knife offences rise in England and Wales despite flat levels of violent crime . Terry Jones, actor, writer and director, 1942-2020 . Westpac/John McFarlane: whet, whet, whet . US and France agree deal on digital tax . Samancor Chrome threatens over 3,000 job losses at South Africa mines . Star Trek: Picard — Patrick Stewart makes it slow with leisurely return on Amazon/CBS . Donald Trump accuser Lev Parnas looms over impeachment trial . Hizbollah calls Lebanon’s elite to order . Aung San Suu Kyi: Give Myanmar time to deliver justice on war crimes . Davos 2020: Carrie Lam mounts Hong Kong charm offensive . Where to eat vegan in Frankfurt . Ladies Can’t Climb Ladders by Jane Robinson — women at work . Iran: the unspoken battle to succeed Ayatollah Khamenei . Comcast takes aim at CNN with NBC-Sky global news channel . Rethinking Argentina’s debt . Hazelnut sourcing spreads discontent for Italy’s Nutella . Conflict over fertile lands threatens Nigeria’s food security . Vertical farming finally grows up in Japan . An inconvenient truth for Brazil’s biggest company . Apple’s privacy software allowed users to be tracked, says Google . Embattled Hong Kong has no choice but to reset its US dollar peg . Boris Johnson hails moment as EU withdrawal bill clears parliament . US denies Canadian sovereignty at stake in Huawei case . Correction: Barneys New York . Boeing chief on the Max: ‘I believe in this airplane’ . Aerospace industry fires Brexit warning shot at Johnson . Harvey Weinstein accused of preying on vulnerable women . ValueAct/Jeff Ubben: nice guys finish up . Netflix streamers stall, Amazon Music hits 55m . Washington and Brussels put pressure on Brexit Britain . SoftBank appoints telecoms veteran as India country head . UN team urges probe into alleged Saudi hack of Jeff Bezos’s phone . Davos 2020: Ursula von der Leyen warns China to price carbon or face tax . Berkeley Group: bricking it . John Manzoni to step down as UK civil service chief . Ted Baker warns of £58m writedown on inventory error . America is still waiting for a true populist . Trade tensions erupt between London and Washington . Indonesian unicorn to launch bumper fundraising . Unpicking the UBS lock . Singapore says NGO broke fake news law with death row abuse claims . How to move the public sector out of London . Burberry boosts outlook despite blow from Hong Kong unrest . Europe faces down cosmic chaos . Super Mario in five minutes: how ‘speedrunning’ went mainstream . Jeff Ubben gives up role as ValueAct chief . Juan Guaidó tells EU that Venezuelan refugee crisis ‘compares with Syria’ . How Boris Johnson can be an example to Europe . Five books that explain Iran’s distrust of the west . Taiwan treads fine line between democracy and China . Latin America refuseniks and diehards alike stand to gain from WEF . Why India’s global ambitions require more pursuit of WEF principles . Post-Mandela Africa seeks practical ideas as Davos ‘jamboree’ loses lustre . India’s exporting malaise weighs on sports goods makers . Australia’s deadly wildfires in numbers . Letter: The Taiwan question concerns only China . Saudi’s MBS implicated in hacking of Jeff Bezos’s phone . Chinese tech giants use Singapore as catapult into south-east Asia . Corporate Japan is sleepwalking towards a digital cliff . Lebanon forms government of technocrats to confront crises . Facebook’s Libra loses backing from Vodafone . IBM is growing its sales again. Just . Brazilian prosecutors charge US journalist Glenn Greenwald . Chinese group swoops for UK steel trader Stemcor . Putin reshuffles Russia cabinet to try to spur economy . Texas oil groups: panhandling ahead . A Timon for our times in New York . Freezing out Jeff Bezos could backfire for New Delhi . Demonstrators block trade routes in southern Iraq . Davos News, Bank of America outlook and JPMorgan's shift towards Paris . Heineken shares hit by Vietnam’s crackdown on drink-driving . Aviva chairman Adrian Montague to step down . Lebanon/bonds: fugue state . Australian bushfires weigh on coal production at BHP . Boris Johnson’s trade plan looks to put EU on the back foot . Myriam Badault’s perfect weekend in Paris . Chinese academic suspended for copying programming language . Beijing and Taipei headed for collision over democracy . South African Airways suspends some flights to save cash . What is Japan’s beef with bull semen? . Swiss police suspect Davos plumbers of being Russian spies . EasyJet lifts outlook as Thomas Cook collapse provides boost . Dixons Carphone’s UK electricals spark into life over Christmas . Germany’s spending finally. But how green is it? . Months of protests hit Hong Kong’s life insurance industry . Hong Kong v Shenzhen: the battle for supremacy . Mexican police clash with Central American caravan . Britain languishes behind EU in battle for African trade . Tony Hall to step down as BBC director-general in summer . Google chief calls for AI regulation . Barring Huawei from Britain’s 5G is too costly to justify . Simon Rattle and the LSO unearth a Beethoven rarity . Populists quit Norway’s government over Isis wife . Boris Johnson and Sajid Javid: the end of the overmighty UK chancellor . Japanese justice minister: our system is fair . Britain to scrap foreign aid for coal mining abroad . BAE/Collins GPS: on-target takeover . A speech by Prince Harry designed to say: ‘I’m an ordinary bloke’ . Glencore weighs 665 job losses at South African smelter . Moody’s cuts Hong Kong rating on rising concerns over government . Can we ever trust Google with our health data? . Toshiba/Japan activism: no exceptionalism . How I became a China sceptic . Australia’s Morrison defies call from own party on climate policy . BAE Systems to buy Collins’ GPS business for $1.9bn . Europe braces for new fiscal battles . Empowering African reform and inclusion . Lisbon rebuffs claims Portugal is China’s ‘special friend’ in EU . Scotland considers a future without oil and gas . Boris Johnson calls off meeting on defence review after policy split . KKR’s coolness towards India speaks volumes . Cartoon, January 20 . Craig Green is in a school of his own . What Japan Inc really thinks about Carlos Ghosn, Nissan’s maverick saviour . Conservatives plan to move House of Lords out of London . Britain is right to refocus on Africa . In Paris, clothes for the Instagram generation . Calls to sack senior minister reveal split in South Africa’s ANC . Donald Trump’s trade wars have not been ‘easy to win’ . There is a void where European foreign policy should be . Kim Jong Un sacks foreign minister, says report . The 1MDB scandal: what does it mean for Goldman Sachs? . Global Britain changes tack in search of fortune in Africa . Brian Moynihan: focused on remembering the financial crisis . Can Berlin conference bring peace to Libya? . How Britain’s big retailers missed their online moment . Hollywood holds ‘vigil’ as cinema feels the squeeze . Hong Kong’s tycoons come under scrutiny amid protests . Morgan Stanley cuts chief executive’s compensation . Chastened Boris Johnson tones down Brexit day celebrations . CDC recommends avoiding e-cigarettes that contain THC . Letter: Johnson’s entertainment value has worn thin . Correction: ‘Once Upon a Time in Hollywood’ . Mexico’s López Obrador mulls raffling presidential jet . Snapshot: ‘Harry Gruyaert’ at Howard Greenberg Gallery . Joe Biden calls for social platforms to be liable for content . Russia’s political shake-up: Putin forever . Brazilian exports could sustain $10bn hit from US-China trade truce . Elizabeth Wurtzel, author and journalist, 1967-2020 . Casino/French strikes: red herring . Big Ben campaign to mark Brexit threatens to backfire for Boris Johnson . If Johnson wants to ‘level up’, this is what he must do . Cranswick: pig in a China shop . Lisa Nandy, leadership long-shot on the road from Wigan . Cion: Requiem of Ravel’s ‘Boléro’ — a gripping dance-opera in New York . Cho Nam-joo: the novelist inspiring east Asia’s #MeToo movement . Inside one of Paris’s last frontiers of gentrification . Luxury property downturn in New York hits Hudson Yards . Rachel Feinstein dissects notions of beauty at New York’s Jewish Museum . Willem Dafoe on tormenting Robert Pattinson in art-horror The Lighthouse . Remembering Roger Scruton . Quixotic William Weld tilts at Donald Trump in Republican primaries . Jamie Dimon is causing headaches for rivals — and himself . FT Weekend Quiz: Margaret Atwood, Tennyson and the Beatles . My Addresses: chef-patron Ollie Dabbous on the best places to eat in London . FT readers: what film do you think should win an Oscar? . Charles Michel’s mission . Think hard before ditching GDP . Jamie Dimon protégé takes on US banking’s biggest clean-up . Letter: Look to Pliny’s Rome for wiser tax policies . Harry, Meghan and Britain’s new culture war . Populism and the smouldering rage of American poverty . Holocaust Memorial Day: Simon Schama on Auschwitz and the new anti-Semitism . Iran’s celebrities defy regime amid popular anger over plane lies . Fears over number of women ministers in Boris Johnson’s government . China: currency manipulator no more? . Putin shakes up Russian political system . Letter: Australia is polluting above its weight . Letter: Tech users might just choose China over US . Correction: Vladimir Putin . NBC unveils streaming service that is more like TV . India mobile storm blows in Reliance Jio’s favour . Bell tolls for Johnson’s Big Ben bong Brexit plan . Morgan Stanley: the Gorman conquest . Vladimir Putin plots to remain Russia’s puppet master . Washington and tech groups face looming battle over security . Ant Financial preps IPO as Visa and Mastercard eye China . Microsoft pledges to be ‘carbon negative’ by 2030 . RWE: auf Wiedersehen, coal . Iraq’s young protesters are undeterred by a violent crackdown . Boris Johnson accused of ‘brinkmanship’ by EU trade chief . John Wood: sun worshipper . Manufacturing activity improved in January — Philadelphia Fed survey . Ant Financial turns to banks to revive plans for huge Asian IPO . Whitbread hobbled by UK uncertainty and looks to German expansion . Transcript: ‘Europe is no longer at the centre of world events’ . US softens stance on South Korea’s contribution to hosting its troops . Sola, London: a homage to California cuisine — restaurant review . The landing zone for Europe’s banking union . Amnesty International accuses Vietnam of ‘weaponising’ social media . Putin revamp hinges on the illusion behind Russia’s social contract . Japan identifies first case of virus that originated in China . Why Goldman Sachs is playing catch-up with JPMorgan . Louis Vuitton snaps up world’s largest uncut diamond . Letter: French lesson in how not to restore a city market . Memo to Brexit Britain — free trade is not a vote-winner . Why Donald Trump is proving George Orwell wrong . Apple, Microsoft and BMW urge EU to stop patent trolls . Gene therapies test Europe’s willingness to pay . Hey Siri. Why did Apple pay $200m for an AI start-up? . Laura Linney gives a dexterous performance in My Name is Lucy Barton in New York . Five things to watch when China releases fourth-quarter GDP . Toyota makes big bet on flying taxi company Joby . Letter: We Brits have three USPs, and the BBC is one of them . Letter: The transfer system works quite differently at the BBC . Stormont rejects Johnson’s £2bn offer as ‘woefully inadequate’ . Angela Merkel warns EU: ‘Brexit is a wake-up call’ . What Vladimir Putin’s revamp means for Russia . Flybe rescue signals Boris Johnson’s resolve on the regions . Councils sign up to South Yorkshire devolution . Seawave boss says it will address Lekoil loan scandal . With Gucci, Milan fashion week is back on schedule . State Grid warns that China GDP at risk of slipping to 4% . Goldman Sachs: carded . Conservatives plan to shift headquarters out of London . Call for sweeping reform of England’s fire and rescue services . How to avert a war over the Nile between Egypt and Ethiopia . The Art Market — Art Basel Hong Kong takes a hit . Iran’s theocrats will not risk losing control in turbulent times . Tesla in talks to buy cobalt from Glencore . Costa Rica flinches as crime taints its reputation for the pura vida . Joe Biden represents a welcome portal to the past for US allies . Bank of England’s Saunders warns growth set to remain weak . Saudi Aramco rated ‘underweight’ by Morgan Stanley . Jeff Bezos promises $1bn Amazon investment in India . US-China decoupling hits Taiwan chip giant . Iran’s president calls on Europe to stick with nuclear accord . Europe’s Iran gamble . Iran’s supreme leader faces public wrath . Leo Varadkar faces Irish poll battle despite policy triumphs . TSB hires IBM to run tech systems . Zomato and Swiggy’s battle for Indian food delivery heats up . Boris Johnson puts faith in Brexit supporter David Frost . Michael Moritz backs Turkish grocery start-up . Donald Trump faces growing Republican opposition on Iran . Letter: Inertia has brought Australia to this pass . NSA says it has alerted Microsoft to a security vulnerability . James Murdoch attacks father’s news empire over bushfires . Barclays under fire on climate . Andrew Tinkler dumps Stobart stake . Google to make third-party cookies crumble . Total to shift finance team from London to Paris . German industry: car alarm . Boris Johnson admits UK might not strike EU trade deal this year . ‘Bung a bob’ for a Big Ben Brexit bong, says Boris Johnson . Boris Johnson rejects SNP call for independence referendum . Iran’s judiciary threatens to expel UK ambassador . Google to phase out most invasive internet tracking . US, Japan and EU target China with WTO rule change proposal . Churchill, Derek Jarman and Barbara Cartland star in Romancing the Apocalypse . Europe frets over migration as Turkey and Russia gain Libya sway . Indonesia taps Tony Blair to help oversee new capital city . One in 5 adults in England and Wales abused as children, says ONS . Donald Trump and Iran . Geely/Aston Martin: view to a bill . Chow Tai Fook looks at closing a number of Hong Kong stores . Ireland’s Varadkar calls February 8 general election . Germany charges six Volkswagen executives over Dieselgate . India’s economy faces severe challenges . European powers step up pressure on Iran over nuclear deal . Is Facebook’s status as the bête noire of political advertising justified? . Iran’s regime loses the battle for public opinion . Betting with credit cards to be banned from April . Canada’s Justin Trudeau partly blames US for deadly Iran plane crash . Boohoo worth more than M&S after sales upgrade . Europe’s digital destiny . Africa reduces industrial activity as Asia grabs market share . In charts: Europe’s demographic time-bomb . Europe urged to use industrial data trove to steal march on rivals . How will Vanguard shape corporate America? . Casper/IPO: press snooze . How to remedy Britain’s language-deficit curse . Why the Japanese yen is not the haven asset it once was . Mike Ashley’s Frasers Group calls for business rates reform . US presses Apple to unlock iPhones of Saudi gunman . Bollywood turns on Modi after protests at citizenship law . Australian government refuses to fall out of love with coal . France to send more troops to combat Islamists in Sahel . US presses Boris Johnson with new dossier on Huawei security risks . Libya’s warring leaders edge towards lasting truce . Royal summit agrees ‘transition’ period for Harry and Meghan . Northern Ireland needs a functioning government . Argentina government takes ‘hardball’ stance on Buenos Aires bonds . David Calhoun promises ‘simplification’ at Boeing . A bad time for the BBC to be fighting for its future . Fabergé owner Gemfields set for London listing . Mitsotakis surfs wave of optimism in Greece . EU trade chief seeks to ease tensions with Washington . William Hill will have few regrets over US and CEO bets . Boris Johnson’s £60bn services deal dilemma . Oscar nominations 2020: ‘Joker’ leads the pack . Hong Kong citizens head to Taiwan to celebrate a momentous vote . UAE/Indonesia: sunk investment . Far from Hong Kong, Miuccia Prada celebrates history’s ‘anti-heroes’ . Myanmar must weigh up the extent of its dependence on China . Australia is no longer the lucky country . Nissan/Renault: on manoeuvres . Walmart India sheds management jobs in profitability push . Will Lagarde conquer the ECB’s German image problem? . All power to the people of China . Biden and Sanders reprise Iraq war fight in 2020 race . UAE commits $23bn to Indonesia infrastructure projects . How best to boost Europe’s birth rates . Philippines' Taal volcano spews ash and steam . Opening Quote: ‘Remodelling’ at William Hill boosts profits guidance . African oligarchs turn to Asian offshore destinations . Italian politics: Matteo Salvini’s comeback bid . Brazil 5G auction delay dents country’s tech ambitions . Greece deploys cultural heritage to lure foreign students . Voices from the Chinese Century, edited by Timothy Cheek, David Ownby and Joshua Fogel . Yandex to offer car-sharing in Europe as rivals pull out . LSE set to send $27bn Refinitiv tie-up to EU regulators . London’s leaders warn over push to narrow regional inequalities . Cartoon, January 13 . Letter: A restructured Taiwanese military could deter China . Boris Johnson to push for solution to nurses strike in Northern Ireland visit . Taiwan election result is a challenge for China . Fragile ceasefire begins in Libya after Gen Haftar halts offensive . BBC plans to move two-thirds of jobs outside London . Leo Varadkar suggests Ireland faces snap election next month . In Milan, Dolce & Gabbana delivers on what it does best . Lies over downing of aircraft shake Iran’s trust in its rulers . Spain’s PM seeks to bolster economic credentials with cabinet picks . Taiwan election result leaves China’s Xi Jinping with few options . Saudi Aramco stretches away as top IPO after extra sale . Nehru’s idea of India is under attack from the nationalist right . Iran questions Revolutionary Guard over downing of airliner . Iran admits it mistakenly shot down Ukrainian jet . France seeks to defuse protests with pension climbdown . Vladimir Putin and Angela Merkel make plea for Libya ceasefire . China’s dream of using Hong Kong as model for Taiwan’s future is dead . DUP’s Arlene Foster returns as Northern Ireland first minister . Hedge fund trader Chris Rokos pips former firm Brevan Howard . Qaboos bin Said Al Said, Sultan of Oman, 1940-2020 . Five of the most thought-provoking devices at CES 2020 . Taiwan’s Tsai makes last-minute attempt to woo youth vote . Oman declares three days of national mourning after ruler dies . Labour urges delay to Bailey becoming BoE governor . Donald Trump’s administration imposes new sanctions on Iran . Online mattress group Casper files for IPO . Northern Ireland parties agree power-sharing deal . Samira Ahmed wins BBC gender discrimination case . Nancy Pelosi to move ahead on Donald Trump’s impeachment next week . Iraq puts pressure on Washington for troops withdrawal plan . How Hydrow hopes to become the Peloton of rowing . Investors Chronicle: Barclays, Aston Martin Lagonda, Safestore . London mansion bought for record price by Chinese tycoon . Geely in talks to pump cash into Aston Martin . William Dalrymple on the treasures of Algeria . Canadian jobs growth bounces back in December . Dominic Cummings has a case for shaking up Whitehall . The north of England needs social infrastructure, not just rail . Mark Cutifani, mining boss who extracted Anglo American from crisis . Juan Guaidó regains momentum in battle for Venezuela congress . Ken Clarke: ‘Do we carry on with crash, bang, wallop nationalism?’ . Business looks for way to engage with Boris Johnson . Dev Patel: the new face of Dickens in The Personal History of David Copperfield . Addicted to Painkillers? Britain’s Opioid Crisis, BBC2 — navigating the painkiller maze . Where does Amazon’s Alexa get her news from? . India’s Supreme Court condemns Kashmir internet ban as unlawful . Is Bloomberg the billionaire we need? . FT Weekend Quiz: Richard Attenborough, the 2012 London Olympics and John Constable . Agency by William Gibson — in search of lost time . Providence Lost by Paul Lay — Cromwell’s failed Protectorate . John Banville on Maigret and the genius of Georges Simenon . The best bike routes in London . Opening Quote: Fashion retailers Superdry and Joules have a Christmas to forget . Letter: Isolation will make Britain more vulnerable . US/China tech: copy that . Child sex scandal sparks soul-searching in France . The three biggest takeaways from CES 2020 . Wildfire crisis closes several embassies in Australia . Reliance takes on Amazon and Walmart in India with JioMart . Traders across Europe face up to the cost of failure . US House votes to limit Trump’s war powers in Iran . Letter: California’s AB5 legislation threatens distinguished professions along with gig economy workers . Iran missile caused Tehran plane crash, intelligence officials believe . How Harry and Meghan could bankroll their break from ‘the firm’ . John Lewis needs to sound and act differently to a retail plc . France hit by fourth mass protest over pensions . Germany’s rogue prince could learn from his Windsor cousin . Dixons Carphone fined £500,000 after hackers target tills . Russia’s VTB sues Mozambique over ‘tuna bond’ scandal . ABN Amro/Robert Swaak: wool gathering . Tesco Christmas sales edge up in ‘subdued’ UK market . Fast food: Kentucky Fried China . Why America has less to fear from an oil shock . Emergency waiting times reveal strain on England’s NHS . Collecting: Art in East Asia . Collector Leo Shih on his search for rare 20th-century Chinese art . Carlos Ghosn banned from leaving Lebanon . Willie Walsh to step down as chief of British Airways parent IAG . A Boris Johnson government requires more checks on executive power . John Lewis warns on profits as key executive quits . IAG/Willie Walsh: dropping the pilot . Why Bernie Sanders looks indestructible . Nicholas Lander’s verdict on Davies and Brook, Daniel Humm’s first London restaurant . Tech groups must address the digital divide in south-east Asia . Calisen set to boost deflated London IPO market with planned listing . Trudeau demands significant role for Canada in Iran plane crash probe . Why I love and deplore the French welfare state . Britain’s railway mess will not be sorted until pensions are reformed . Carlos Ghosn’s side of the story . Taiwan: concern grows over China’s invasion threat . Has Harry Potter been a wizard with his finances . Correction: Franklin Templeton . Carlos Ghosn pops up for press conference in Lebanon . Letter: UK must restore trust with African countries . Ikea picks London mall to launch city-centre push . Donald Trump backs away from military action against Iran . Republican senator blasts Trump administration on Iran . Uber loosens rules for drivers to escape California law . Iran and US step back from the brink of war — for now . Brazilian prosecutors plan to charge Vale over dam disaster . Boris Johnson tees up fight over fishing in talks with EU leaders . Barclays’ Qatar deal sealed with simple six-paragraph letter . Putin and Erdogan call for ceasefire in war-ravaged Libya . A brighter future for TVs at CES 2020 . Ursula von der Leyen: three takeaways from her Brexit speech . Jeffrey Katzenberg and Meg Whitman show off Quibi at CES . British Steel rescue nears after backing from Chinese regions . Iran refuses to give Boeing black box from Tehran crash . Donald Trump has given Iran an excuse to abandon diplomacy . Trump says Iran appears to be ‘standing down’ after attack . Thailand’s central bank makes first move to weaken baht . Christopher Parkes, journalist, 1944-2019 . Should America’s GDP data include drug dealing? . Carlos Ghosn hits out at ‘rigged’ Japanese justice system — as it happened . Carlos Ghosn accuses Japan of ‘repaying me with evil’ . Sirius/Anglo: innings over . Best of Lex Midweek: Huawei v Hugh Grant . Carlos Ghosn explains why he fled Japan . Boris Johnson gets tough EU message as talks loom . Anglo American bids for potash mine developer Sirius Minerals . Carlos Ghosn lashes out at Japan . Holier than DOW . The paradox of America First . India’s ideological war bursts on to a Delhi campus . Samsung: pet bet . Moral Money: Australia fires threaten GDP growth . Carlos Ghosn in transit from Osaka to Beirut . Iran’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei tells US to leave Middle East . Pedro Sánchez prepares to dig in as Spain’s prime minister . European and Gulf governments condemn Iranian missile strikes . Spain’s new coalition will struggle to keep afloat . Opening Quote: Carney on fighting the next recession, post-Brexit Britain and climate change . Carlos Ghosn seeks trial in Lebanon rather than Japan . What to expect on Brexit talks from Von der Leyen’s UK visit . Toyota’s success sends Japan a mixed message . Why Hong Kong protesters fear the city’s ‘smart lamp posts’ . Africa’s transnational challenges . Russia’s oligarchs must soon decide how to pass on their empires . Bank of Thailand battles against strong baht . English chess body pressed to drop grandmaster in pensions row . Donald Trump says ‘all is well’ after Iranian missile attack . China appoints new liaison chief in Hong Kong . Facebook ban on deepfakes . Indian authorities accused of targeting Muslims in Uttar Pradesh . FBI makes new demand for data on locked iPhone . Donald Trump and Michael Bloomberg both buy $10m Super Bowl ads . Mitch McConnell claims backing for Donald Trump trial without witnesses . Venezuela’s Juan Guaidó sworn in as head of congress . Iran crisis sets Boris Johnson first big foreign policy test . Iran fallout exposes rifts between Trump and Pentagon . Sonos sues Google for infringing patents . Franklin Templeton: active failure . Carmakers move from cars to building cities at CES . Boris Johnson warned not to let down new Tory voters over HS2 . HSBC targeted by Hong Kong protesters, SocGen M&A . Carlos Ghosn jet provider rejects account of British ex-soldier . France and US seek to resolve digital tax dispute . Britain’s defence strategy needs a reality check . Flying cars and Toyota’s Motor City . Terry Smith collects £16m after Fundsmith profits soar 25% . Boris Johnson scraps plans for Whitehall department merger . Mamma Mia... . Boris Johnson launches spending review to justify ‘every penny’ . Uber/Hyundai: not fare . Spain’s parliament confirms Pedro Sánchez as prime minister in tight vote . Boris Johnson, Hungary and rightwing European populism . Singapore receives 21 applications for five digital bank licences . Luo Huining: Beijing’s enforcer in Hong Kong . López Obrador’s frugality tested by flat Mexico growth . Farmers could hold the key to Detroit’s future . Opening Quote: Aston Martin’s car crash of a listing just got worse . Megvii takes big step towards $500m Hong Kong listing . At sea over Iran . US denies it is withdrawing troops from Iraq . Venezuela: what happens next? . China tourism growth lifts fortunes of Russia’s airports . Mike Pompeo rules out running for Senate in Kansas . Science world hails Boris Johnson’s post-Brexit bid to boost R&D . When Carlos Ghosn fled Japan, he left an old colleague behind . Letter: Successive Scottish parliaments have not been held to account . Letter: Korea’s ‘super-agency’ may in fact provide a shield for corruption . Boris Johnson adviser under fire for praise of Hungary’s Viktor Orban . British ex-serviceman and Dubai cargo group add to Ghosn puzzle . Blow for Tripoli as Libya strongman’s forces enter Sirte . Democrats try to hold Trump to account over Iran strike . US influence in Iraq wanes as Iran strengthens grip . Creditors of Jamie’s Italian set to lose most of £80m owed . Nato warns on Iran crisis as EU powers scramble to cool tensions . German car orders surge to beat tighter EU emissions rules . Simon Keenlyside at Wigmore Hall — not for the faint-hearted . Labour needs a Tony Blair for the Twenties . Louis Dreyfus buyout cost heiress $825m . Belarus and Russia ease tensions over oil supplies . Compass chairman Paul Walsh to step down . America should drop the ‘Dr Evil fallacy’ on assassination . Saudi Aramco slumps 10% from peak on mounting Mideast jitters . Europe needs a joined-up policy towards Africa . Carlos Ghosn reportedly escaped Tokyo on public bullet train . Was Germany right to ditch nuclear? . China will outperform expectations in 2020 . Juan Guaidó ousted in chaotic Venezuelan parliamentary vote . HSBC’s fortunes are more tied to Hong Kong than ever . Carlos Ghosn and the law: what Interpol’s ‘red notice’ means . A Regulator’s Sign Off: Changing the Taps in Britain, by Ian Byatt . SocGen: making the case for European bank champions . Gas deal with Ukraine is a boon for Russia . ‘Lithium fever’ grips Portugal as mining project raises hackles . Bill Michael fights to restore KPMG’s image and profits . Cartoon, January 6 . Letter: US’s biggest problem in Cuba is not Putin . Three Americans killed in attack on Kenya base . Boris Johnson urges Trump to ‘de-escalate’ tension with Iran . Zoran Milanovic wins Croatia’s presidential election . Goldman and Morgan Stanley targeted in BoE review . Nationalist mob goes on rampage at secular university in Delhi . Huge crowds turn out to mourn Iran’s Soleimani . France warns US against digital tax retaliation . Jess Phillips suggests she might seek to rejoin EU if Brexit fails . Boris Johnson to seek fast-track EU trade talks . Where to go in Central and South America in 2020 . CES defends invitation for Ivanka Trump . John Major pondered internment after IRA ceasefire collapse . Iran looks to Soleimani’s successor for leadership . Donald Trump threatens 52 targets if Iran takes revenge . Venezuela’s Juan Guaidó faces crucial parliamentary vote . Russia is once again rewriting history . Scott Morrison defends handling of Australia bushfire emergency . Japanese prosecutors condemn Carlos Ghosn’s escape . Beijing replaces its top Hong Kong representative . Bloomberg profits from conference business in China . Carlos Ghosn lawyer tells of despair at Japanese justice . The relaunch of the Samsung Fold – and new USPs for Apple’s AirPods . Iran draws parallels with Soleimani assassination and 1953 coup . Shareholders demand British bosses increase ‘skin in the game’ . Interview special: James Blitz . Letter: Andrews’ reviews always went up to 11 . Donald Trump says US not seeking war with Iran by killing Soleimani . Trump says US not seeking war with Iran . Jess Phillips and Lisa Nandy run for Labour leadership . Spain electoral commission seeks to remove Catalan president from office . Australia pins its hopes on new wave of industrialisation . Why Carlos Ghosn chose the life of a fugitive . France investigates author over child sex claims . Snapshot: Eliot Porter’s Birds, The Amon Carter Museum of American Art . Trump’s bold strike takes US and Iran to the brink . America must be ready for Iranian retaliation . Carlos Ghosn: The Great Escape . Brexit Britain 2019 . US air strike/oil: Russian redoubt . Greggs/Boris Johnson: true north . Artist Vivian Suter: from remote Guatemala to Tate Liverpool . Russian billionaire Alisher Usmanov eyes stake in Everton . Josh O’Connor on life beyond The Crown . Kim Jones on Bloomsbury-set furniture, “old man” Stilton and David Attenborough as a style icon . Scott Morrison, Australia’s singed prime minister . China/City: union jacked . Chris Packham: Forever Punk, BBC4 — youthful spirit lives on . Carlos Ghosn is just the latest CEO to skip out in style . Along the Trenches — a thought-provoking travelogue on eastern Europe . Australian navy begins evacuation of thousands stranded on coast . Jancis Robinson: my resolutions for 2020 . New York’s second-home buyers head for the Catskills . FT Weekend Quiz: Stanley Clinton-Davis, David Bowie and straits of Gibraltar . Sameer Raichur captures the elation of Kannada moviegoing in India . Christopher Nunn: when TVs became a weapon of war in Ukraine . Eve Arnold’s haunting photographs of Marilyn Monroe and ‘The Misfits’ . Paul Graham’s photographs reveal people transfixed by television . Qassem Soleimani, Iranian military commander, 1957-2020 . The hijacking of Edinburgh’s Hogmanay . The facts of the Carlos Ghosn case must now be heard . Soleimani assassination risks all-out war between US and Iran . How to be healthy in London . Letter: Modi has shown the will to protect minority rights . Royalists pine for days of empire in Bolsonaro’s Brazil . Carlos Ghosn avoids trial and flees Japan . Trump warns about Libya meddling after Turkey votes to send troops . Interpol issues ‘red notice’ for Carlos Ghosn as Turkey detains 7 . Northern Ireland’s leaders move to break political paralysis . Sonny Mehta, head of Knopf, 1942-2019 . Celui qui tombe, Paris: grace under pressure from Yoann Bourgeois . Nissan Motor: Ghosn with the wind . HSBC forced to close Hong Kong branches as protests intensify . Entrepreneur builds an aircraft ‘boneyard’ in centre of Australia . The world’s indifference to Muslim woes . French #MeToo movement struggles for lasting impact . China halts tie-up between Shanghai and London exchanges . Boeing 737 Max: How an Australian boneyard stores the aircraft . Lebanon asked for Carlos Ghosn’s return a week before his escape . Letter: Scotland has powers — which it has not used effectively . A Japanese saint among the sinners of the Afghan war . Prague mayor fights to put distance between Prague and Beijing . Japan’s GPIF is right — short selling is downright irresponsible . Israel, Greece and Cyprus set to seal €6bn gas pipeline deal . Google to end use of ‘double Irish’ as tax loophole set to close . Austria’s Sebastian Kurz agrees coalition agenda with Greens . Iraqi paramilitaries pull back from US embassy . South Korean export decline slows on China shipments rebound . Anti-government protest in Hong Kong ends in violence . Kim Jong Un vows to unveil ‘new strategic weapon’ . Harry Potter at 40: would he be a financial wizard? . Russia fills the void in Cuba left by tougher US embargo . Why legal cloud may linger over Spanish corporates . Reliance takes on Amazon with launch of ecommerce platform . A revolution in Africa’s relations with France is afoot . Asian countries watch as Singapore expands ‘war on diabetes’