‘The war is over, we have won,’ declares jubilant Farage . Trump impeachment: Final vote on charges to come on Wednesday . Senate blocks witnesses in Trump impeachment trial . Payouts to victims of Northern Ireland Troubles spark Stormont division . Letter: Facebook has chosen to outsource a strategic issue . Letter: Infrastructure and identity . Airbus ran ‘massive’ bribery scheme to win orders . Two suspects arrested after vehicle breaches Mar-a-Lago security . Flight out of Wuhan: concern and uncertainty for those who left . Directors buy in as Fevertree fizzes out . Oyo cuts staff as it feels pressure of US and UK expansion . EU bank regulators lay out tougher doomsday stress test . Trump’s defence pushes boundaries of presidential power . ExxonMobil and Chevron stick to spending plans despite challenges . You’re Not Listening — has technology robbed us of empathy? . Moral Money: Fed pivots on green banking; tackling climate’s passive problem . Universal Credit: Inside the Welfare State, BBC2 — behind the scenes of a creaking system . Wanted: bright ideas on how to tax the wealthy . Inside the £130m ‘conservation challenge of the century’ . M&C Saatchi placed under investigation by UK financial watchdog . EU staff warned not to share information with UK . Relief for trustees over relaxation of new regulation . Time to drive pensions sharks out of the water for good . Have you been mis-sold pension transfer advice? . Letter: We can’t opt out of surveillance technology . Trump set for acquittal as Democrats’ bid to call witnesses falters . The climate case for childlessness . Letter: Calabria has elected its first woman president . Letter: Corruption in their homelands is driving eastern Europeans away . Letter: Real issue with goodwill is one of poor quality impairment testing . The challenge of thinking a couple of steps ahead . Gove warns UK business of trade frictions with EU . FCA probes sterling spike ahead of UK interest rate decision . Credit Suisse’s Tidjane Thiam seeks influence of Instagram . NHS trust brings workers in-house after industrial action . Pompeo soothes UK-US tensions after Huawei 5G spat . Lebanese banks shed eurobonds in ‘prisoner’s dilemma’ . Diplomats warn over heady vision of future UK-EU relationship . Illegal curbs on Minions bring NBCUniversal €14m EU fine . US law covering insider trading is ripe for reform . Grenfell companies accused of killing victims in ‘pursuit of money’ . EU court backs UK on GlaxoSmithKline ‘pay-for-delay’ fine . Debt advice risks leaving thousands worse off, warn charities . Uber and DoorDash held merger talks after SoftBank push . Reasons to worry about our addiction to loose money . UK battles to define defence and security role post-Brexit . Daughter of ENRC oligarch found guilty of withholding evidence . Competition rules stymie co-operation on climate goals . Trump and Netanyahu’s global league of populists . Virgin Money’s chief financial officer to leave for Nordea bank . Shriti Vadera to become next chair of Prudential . Voters in Iowa hesitate over which populist to back . Work Tribes: a new beginning . Why asset managers cannot be passive on climate change . Belgian tax authority drops part of Frasers tax probe . The case for abolishing the eurogroup . To tackle regional inequality, I’m sending some of my family north . Trade Secrets: Sanctions . Trump administration leans on sanctions to shape foreign policy . Banks adopt AI to manage sanctions and compliance risk . Companies caught in EU-US sanctions crossfire . An impossible dilemma for Thyssenkrupp’s biggest shareholder . AI-designed drug to enter human clinical trial for first time . Huawei curbs force UK telecoms groups to review 5G plans . Trump lawyer makes stark claim of executive authority . Northern rail franchise to be nationalised, says UK government . Number of academy trusts reporting deficits still rising . Parliament signs up to workplace complaints scheme . Drax postpones building new gas plant after legal action . Letter: Turkish court cannot justify Kavala’s continued detention . Revelations in Bolton book feared by Trump counsel . The Fed’s communication challenge . Former May cabinet members to lead select committees . Shapps goes full steam ahead with rail overhaul plan . Disputes over maps beset Middle East peace process . Sajid Javid’s support set to dispel doubts over future of HS2 project . Former BHS director hit with five-year ban on similar roles . L Brands chief executive Leslie Wexner in talks to step down . Trump plan is not a path to Middle East peace . Sports Direct fights order to hand documents to audit watchdog . New McDonald’s chief aims to eat rivals’ lunch to drive growth . Arab states voice muted reaction to Trump’s peace plan . Corporate witnesses in Grenfell Tower inquiry seek immunity . Governments are failing in the fight against jihadis in the Sahel . BBC faces biggest threat in decades, says head of news . Catalan leader Quim Torra calls snap poll to break regional deadlock . Facial recognition: authoritarian intrusion or crime-fighting tool? . Virgin Money suffers shareholder revolt over pay . Airbnb joins calls for a new EU technology regulator . Donald Trump’s Israel-Palestine real estate deal is intolerable . In a Germanic shift, the FCA wants to demonise overdrafts and force savings upon everyone . Streaming battle weighs on AT&T’s revenues . UK Huawei decision highlights dilemmas of the surveillance age . The Bomb — why nuclear cataclysm is still waiting to happen . Ticket reseller StubHub faces legal threat from regulators . Bolivia’s interim leader says she will ‘fight’ to stay in power . Does the Fed have a communication problem? . Brewin Dolphin’s chief executive to depart wealth manager . The Future of the Connected City . Fairer funding models sought to keep rail costs on track . Better data paves the way for improved accessibility . Deep data helps cities prepare for disaster . Congestion charging gains ground as cities run out of road . Inhuman rights weigh on the leasehold system . EU draws up 5G plan to screen security risks amid Huawei fears . Letter: Defining Englishness as a separate identity is misplaced . EY diversity head: UK still has ‘some way to go’ . Decision looms over Big Four consultancy and audit ‘conflict’ . Millennial management consultants yearn for meaning at work . HS2 shows lines are blurring in infrastructure consultancy . Judging the consultants — how firms weigh individuals’ worth . Let a horse lead you to better management . Business checks on Irish Sea trade loom as next flashpoint . Labour party report excuses Corbyn for election defeat . Top universities step up efforts to close inequality gap . MPs press for radical changes to inheritance tax . Letter: Balancing safety with protecting our liberties . ‘Flash crash’ trader avoids further jail time . Huawei decision jolts UK-US ‘special relationship’ at sensitive time . Nissan’s ‘invisible’ chief executive accused of failing to lead . Airbus set to pay €3.6bn to settle corruption probes . US attacks UK’s decision on Huawei . Kone and CVC in joint bid for Thyssenkrupp’s elevator unit . Huawei executives greet UK 5G approval with relief . Portugal set to curb tax breaks for wealthy foreigners . Top City lawyer rejects hacking allegations in wealth fund dispute . Segro/industrial property: delivery hero . Netanyahu charged with corruption after dropping immunity request . EU citizens show their post-Brexit fears . World Bank delays vote on $500m Tanzania loan after public pressure . State Street vows to turn up the heat on ESG standards . UK urged to lower migrant pay threshold after Brexit . Opening Quote: Sainsbury’s joins race to cut carbon with £1bn pledge . UK probes National Grid and ScottishPower over undersea cable . M&C Saatchi appoints former Imperial Tobacco CEO to board . Retiring chief fund lobbyist fires parting shot at industry . Parametrics offer response to extreme climate events . Can my parents cut my brother out of their wills? . WhatsApp reported sharp rise in security flaws in 2019 . Brexit: why fishing threatens to derail EU-UK trade talks . Barrick Gold chief looks to next deal after first year at helm . Gazprom investors need patience in face of powerful forces . Letter: Teach future workers how to cope with tomorrow . Children around UK at risk from indoor air pollution, report warns . Ministers set to renationalise failed Northern rail franchise . Letter: Don’t worry unduly about debt being “shunned” . Holyrood accused of lack of transparency over use of PFI . NHS leaders warn of managerial resignations over pension rules . UK’s £46m Brexit ad blitz had little impact, says watchdog . Hundreds of Amazon employees publicly attack its climate record . Former TalkTalk manager brings gender discrimination case . Risk from products used in Grenfell refurbishment was known, inquiry hears . UK government introduces security rules for ‘internet of things’ . Auschwitz survivors warn of rising anti-Semitism . Fighting resumes in Libya as weapons flow despite UN ban . UK financial watchdog’s pension plan hit by fellow regulator . Foreign governments prepare to evacuate nationals from Wuhan . UK government warned against cutting ‘entrepreneurs’ relief’ in Budget . Slovenia’s prime minister steps down after reforms are stymied . UK and EU set for clash on fish and financial services . Technical analysis, blockchain litigation edition . Italian bonds rally after defeat for Matteo Salvini’s League . Lawyers push to toughen new US insider trading law . Does trade make the EU a geopolitical superpower? . Letter: As an officer, Prince Harry is bound by commitment to service . Salvini could yet survive his miscalculation in Emilia-Romagna . Peru’s anti-graft push boosted by opposition defeat . Letter: Preventing pandemics is not just a scientific challenge . Top UK pension scheme threatens managers over climate risk . Recep Tayyip Erdogan’s assertive foreign policy shakes international order . Debate on ‘too big to fail’ needs reframing . Frequent flyer: is air travel unfairly demonised? . Book review: Making Global MBAs . How to overturn workplace prejudice about ‘foreign’ accents . Posterity will be a harsh judge of today’s corporate leaders . Sajid Javid set to curb ‘entrepreneurs relief’ in Budget . Brussels to fight tough on state aid in post-Brexit talks . How to design AI that eliminates disability bias . Letter: Foreign policy void will be all the greater without UK . Letter: The problem is education rather than population . PM launches scheme to draw world’s top scientists to UK . EU asks partners to treat UK as bloc member after Brexit . UK set to approve limited 5G role for Huawei . Turkey’s Cengiz eyes British Steel bid if Jingye deal fails . Trump warns Schiff of ‘price’ to pay for impeachment . Making the US justice system fairer is good business . US should embrace reform of goodwill accounting . Vladimir Putin hands new PM mandate to begin spending spree . Jobs axe provides test for Tory promises to ‘level up’ regions . Trump lawyers say impeachment aims to overturn election . Burning questions at first UK climate change assembly . UK active fund managers suffer bloodbath in 2019 . Chancellor Sajid Javid talks up the economy, and what’s next after Brexit Day . Tanzanian activists ask World Bank to block $500m school programme . Lab-grown diamond producers fight back in eco-friendliness dispute . Museum duo seek to ‘sell’ insurance from Titanic to Mesopotamia . FCA urged to probe pension transfer advice . Letter: Neglected towns should be the focus of ‘levelling up’ . Letter: Politics needs a following wind in order to thrive . Long Bailey chances boosted by Unite union endorsement . Letter: First-past-the-post makes it easier to get rid of bad leaders . Letter: Management committee headaches inspired a play . Poland’s clash over justice system leaves courts in chaos . Swiss regulator fines ex-bank chief over ‘serious’ insider trading . Emmanuel Macron defies protests over pension reforms . EU seeks power to sanction UK over any breaches of Brexit deal . Climate change and sustainability . Softcat managing director banks £1.5m . Pensions boost for Britons living in the EU . Flybe owners seek government loan of £100m . Contract bridge: defenders’ swindle scars declarer for life . AIG escapes $100m bonus payment after appeal . Sabotage: The Business of Finance — a flawed thesis . Crown Resorts announces new chief amid executive reshuffle . Salvini makes final push for votes in tight Italy poll . Virgin Money starts search for new chairman . Brussels builds alliance to bypass US block on WTO judges . From Dresden to drone: the morality of air war . Ask the architect: how can I retrofit my home to make it more energy efficient? . Fear, rejection . . . guilt? Britain’s Poles on Brexit . Christopher Woolard appointed interim chief of UK financial watchdog . Opening Quote: regulator review delays Just Eat-Takeaway.com deal . Takeaway.com and Just Eat delay listing after UK regulator begins review . Climate change and the prisoner’s dilemma . Mason Morfit takes charge at ValueAct — 13 years after being tipped . Drinking culture in legal world under scrutiny following scandals . Trump administration to crack down on ‘birth tourism’ in US . UK’s big private companies brace for audit scrutiny . How Saint-Gobain aims to avoid an activist bloodbath . Companies race to define the new era of HD television . Former Nestlé food safety expert wins long-running dismissal case . Sadiq Khan faces more pressure to remove TfL fares freeze . Impeachment trial: Democrats take aim at Trump defence on Day 3 – as it happened . Trump impeachment trial: the key developments . Trump’s Senate impeachment trial progresses . Letter: Conditions in Chile are not right for a constitutional review . Letter: Later-life working should be part of a more general approach to planning . Letter: Insist that those posting reveal their identity . HS2 final costs almost impossible to predict, warns watchdog . Letter: Companies can adopt a voluntary moratorium on facial recognition . SFO accuses UK nationals of corrupt payments in Unaoil trial . Huawei CFO awaits court ruling on US extradition request . Opioid executive admits to ‘no morals’ ahead of prison term . UK regulator launches 11th-hour review of Just Eat-Takeaway.com deal . ECB kicks off policy battle as Christine Lagarde launches strategic review . Sajid Javid seeks to placate business over post-Brexit rules . German prosectors expand Macquarie probe over tax scandal . Candidate for EU bank watchdog rejected by lawmakers . US Treasury secretary Mnuchin launches attack on Greta Thunberg . Officials support giving Huawei role in UK’s 5G networks . Why equivalence may not be a fight worth having for the City . Welsh minister criticises UK government over NHS pension measure . The $1.6tn US student debt nightmare . Trafigura aims to buy Puma Energy stake from retired Angolan general . CEO of JPM, recipient of $bns in state aid, bashes socialism . Morrisons to cut 3,000 manager roles in staffing overhaul . Hong Kong-listed group crashes 90% after suspension lifted . UN’s top court orders Myanmar to stop alleged genocide . Sajid Javid begins search for next OBR head . The guilty verdict on the Republican party . Lagarde’s legacy building begins at the ECB . Do hierarchies lead to a stronger society? . Davos Special Edition: Royal assent for carbon tax . Letter: US-China trade deal comes with caveats . How populism will heat up the climate fight . Luigi Di Maio resignation shows perils of Five Star experiment . Letter: We have experienced an energy transition almost without noticing . Arlene Foster braced for ‘cash-for-ash’ scandal findings . Letter: First, understand the implications of reform . Westpac turns to former Barclays chairman in wake of scandal . Impeachment trial: Trump accused of undermining democracy – Day 2 as it happened . Trump impeachment trial: Democrats lay out the case . Trump criticises Greta Thunberg and other ‘prophets of doom’ . Fear EU deal puts City of London at risk of ‘rule-taking’ . Climate adviser calls for overhaul of UK agriculture and food . Letter: Huawei debate must include human rights . Backlash over sweeping UK regulations to protect children’s data . City watchdog pledges tougher line with asset managers . Permira to sell Duff & Phelps to two PE firms in $4.2bn deal . Democrats lose impeachment votes but hatch a strategy . Wirecard CEO is ‘essential’, says new chairman . Trump and EU promise to press on to reach trade deal . Saudi hacking allegations deserve a serious answer . Luigi Di Maio quits as Five Star leader in blow to Italy coalition . We politicise central banks at our own peril . US proposes ban on free flights for emotional support animals . Trump inaugural committee sued over Trump hotel bookings . Top judge to become Greece’s first female president . European Banking Authority plans overhaul of EU bank stress tests . South Western Railway not sustainable, says Grant Shapps . GlaxoSmithKline censured by EU over pay-for-delay deals . Xavier Rolet steps down as chief of hedge fund CQS . Luigi Di Maio’s departure holds lessons for his successor . Davos 2020: Companies sign up to environmental disclosure scheme . The west must reassess its record on foreign intervention . Are financial institutions waking up to climate change? . Trump just made a joke about negative rates . Day 1: Republicans rally around Trump at impeachment trial . Davos Special Edition: 4tn reasons to care about climate change . ‘Mr Super Prime’ resigns after posting luxury home on Instagram . Letter: Regulators must get in the sandbox with AI innovators . Boeing faces Max hurdle as pilot confidence crumbles . Davos business leaders discover the value of workers . Can I include IHT costs in my compensation claim? . Imminent UK Brexit unleashes new EU dynamics . Deliveroo in limbo as rivals and regulators close in . Apprenticeships chief urges plugging of funds gap . Calls for action on responsible capitalism provide WEF backdrop . US-China trade war gives way to a precarious peace . Climate change and rising great power tensions dominate Davos . Davos prioritises environment as activists invest hope in greener finance . Fears rise that US-China economic ‘decoupling’ is irreversible . Davos founder Schwab defends role of elite economic gathering . Trump impeachment trial — Day 1 as it happened . Citizens’ assembly set to offer UK government climate advice . Letter: I would reject all moderate climate change predictions . Letter: Fund managers cannot ignore environmental risk . Letter: Lifelong learning deserves support — it has a key role in our future prosperity . Letter: Legislation catches up with the short-sellers . Vale ex-CEO charged with homicide over dam disaster . FCA to get tough on financial advisers after pensions misselling . Network Rail given ‘warning’ for poor service in north . US prosecutors demand escalating penalties for Turkish lender . Trump urges Davos to reject environmental ‘prophets of doom’ . HMRC seeks Brexit chief to lead post-EU tax agenda . Facial recognition’s risks demand a temporary halt . Trump lawyers claim president cannot be removed for abusing power . Ex-Barclays banker had ‘highly developed sense of duty’, trial hears . Solar storms are a threat to our electricity-dependent world . UK to push on with digital tax in face of US anger . Davos 2020: Bankers push back against climate action calls . Lisa Nandy receives GMB union backing in Labour leadership race . Lebanese bondholders grit teeth to face losses . EasyJet/Ryanair: vice report . Letter: Every prime minister needs a Cummings . Proposed rules for Trump impeachment trial outrage Democrats . Top Hong Kong official backs call for controversial security law . The drama and protagonists: A guide to Trump’s impeachment trial . Ofsted chief criticises schools for ‘gaming’ system to boost results . China jails former Interpol head Meng Hongwei for 13½ years . Chile needs to speed up constitutional reform . A partial and defective US-China trade truce . BP finance chief to retire amid further reshuffle at oil major . Macron saves EU blushes on digital tax threats . Lekoil scam: a lesson in due diligence . Resolve to sort out your pension in 2020 . Tips before the tax return deadline . Cyber security 2050: hackers to tap smart cities and deep fakes . Scientists in race to protect humanity from future pandemics . Resilience is essential to thrive in an unpredictable future . Tech set to overhaul the future of crime detection and prevention . Moral Money Davos special: Climate change threatens quant funds . EY holds ‘belonging’ workshops after discrimination claims . US-China tech dispute: suspicion in Silicon Valley . Future of warfare: high-tech militias fight smouldering proxy wars . Humans must adapt to climate change destruction . Saudi women embrace new freedoms as gradual reforms take hold . Turkey eyes more EU aid as funding pays off for Syrian refugees . The future of cyber security . Companies face trouble from their older staff . US landlords grapple with thousands of store closures . HS2 workers face jobs cuts amid doubts over project’s future . VC firm Lux Capital embroiled in legal dispute with close friends . Battle lines drawn on post-Brexit trade talks . UCL considers funding options to help EU students . Sajid Javid promises non-alignment with EU rules . Letter: Let’s see realistic figures on the economic impact . Probation boosted and sentences lengthened in new terror reforms . Letter: Compliance hasn’t carried much weight in the past . Letter: Active v passive: put more faith in market forces . France signals breakthrough in US digital tax talks . Lekoil fake loan probe puts spotlight on Bahamas broker . Lawyers for Huawei’s Meng seek to have extradition case dropped . Johnson sets sights on speedy US and EU trade deals . New BBC chief will inherit broadcaster under attack on all fronts . Stagecoach says UK rail franchise system ‘in crisis’ . UK faces fines if it breaks post-Brexit EU trade rules . Oligarch’s son challenges litigation funding in £453m divorce . UK recruiters warn of damage from freelance tax reforms . Sanjeev Gupta attempts to increase transparency of family empire . Sundar Pichai supports calls for moratorium on facial recognition . Vladimir Putin publishes reforms that open way for indefinite rule . US judge dismisses assault claim against Philip Green . Plaid deal shines a light on data battle . Global firms under scrutiny in Isabel dos Santos alleged corruption leak . Battle looms over UK’s ‘right to diverge’ . Financial atonement for racial discrimination in the US ‘blue bubble’ . Department store Beales falls into administration . Trump administration steps up push to sway antitrust cases . EU v US: who wins in a regulatory showdown on trade? . Extradition hearing of Huawei’s Meng Wanzhou gets under way . Shareholder activist readies hostile takeover of Toshiba unit . What Abkhazia’s crypto dalliance teaches us about monetary sovereignty . Shopping centre owner Intu in talks to raise fresh funds . Moral Money Special: Davos 2020 day one . How too much virtue signalling hinders stakeholder capitalism . FundRock Partners receives £4.4m emergency funding to stay afloat . Larry Fink rules on the best global standards for climate risk reporting . Fairer treatment of older workers would soothe pensions crisis . The loss of corporate influence on energy policy is dangerous . Samsung names new smartphone chief as part of executive reshuffle . Negotiation is tough and should be left to professionals . GSK and genetic testing group 23andMe seek first drug target . Letter: Conservatives can’t face up to climate challenge . Letter: Don’t make it harder to take responsible action . Letter: Ratings agencies have made big changes since the financial crisis . Week ahead: Davos, Trump impeachment trial, ECB . Foreign powers vow to halt interference in Libya conflict . SpaceX ‘supersonic abort test’ sets up manned mission . HS2 costs could hit £106bn, warns official review . UK government set to hasten immigration curbs on low-skilled labour . Brussels alarmed by UK’s vow to diverge from EU rules . FT Schools competition: Does the public expect too much of UK politicians? . Stagecoach and Arriva sue over rail franchise bids . Guaidó leaves Venezuela to meet US secretary of state . Trump impeachment, Davos summit, ECB meeting . Senators clash over witnesses at Trump impeachment trial . Poland’s finance minister set for tax battle with Airbnb . Davos 2020: What to watch for at this year’s World Economic Forum . Javid’s EU divergence plans provoke industry backlash . Israel’s acute butter shortage points to stalled bureaucracy . Ukraine sows seeds of suspicion with land sale plans . Will Christine Lagarde kick-start her overhaul of ECB policy? . Oxford Sciences Innovation parts ways with chief executive . The upstart unions taking on the gig economy and outsourcing . Don’t expect the earth from fund managers on climate change . Treasury pushes for £2bn Stonehenge tunnel to be axed . Davos meeting, Meng Wanzhou in court, US earnings . US government grounds Chinese-made drones | Tech Wash . Judge cuts $8bn J&J Risperdal verdict to $6.8m . Identity matters when you are investing in infrastructure . Libya’s military strongman halts oil exports ahead of peace talks . Big Australian investors under scrutiny over climate change . What the EU Brexit negotiations might bring, and how the Labour leadership race is hotting up . Ski slopes/climate change: losing the drift . Reasons to be cynical about the trade rally . UK’s highest-paid workers spend longest hours on the job . Best Buy investigates misconduct claims against CEO . Letter: Civil service is admired globally for its excellence . Letter: Administrators bring skills to a range of roles . Letter: Electoral systems make a mockery of our votes . Letter: Shovel readiness does not justify more HS2 spending . State Street: custody battle . Forget staying close to EU after Brexit, chancellor tells business . State rescue will not fly, say Flybe rivals . Critical Whitehall review puts HS2 rail link under scrutiny . Ukraine president gives premier ‘one more chance’ after leaks . Low-battery warning fight . BBC under fire over consultancy hired to tackle gender pay gap . Starr and Dershowitz tapped for Trump impeachment team . DWP drafts in staff to deal with influx of pension age queries . State Street seeks buyer for Currenex currencies-trading system . Long Bailey and Thornberry to launch Labour leadership bids . Pressure for business rate reform to lift ailing town centres intensifies . Verhofstadt assured over ‘settled status’ deadline breakers . Contract bridge: paralysing dilemma solved by simple signal agreement . UK regulator braced to do battle with adtech industry . Flybe defends rescue plan in face of backlash from rivals . GAM issues third profit warning in less than two years . NMC hires former FBI director to investigate Muddy Waters claims . Online gambling boosts GVC despite regulatory crackdown . Hopes rise of change to pensions taper threshold . Why I won’t be taking up a savings challenge . Could new regulation spell the death of trusts? . Ingram Pinn’s illustration of the week: Tariff truce . Threat from extreme mega-fires forces rethink on fighting blazes . US military admits troops were injured in Iranian strike . University cleaner case raises labour rules concerns . Johnson adviser’s housing role highlights lack of transparency . Donald Trump nominates Federal Reserve critic to central bank’s board . Letter: Procreation is a tough business for governments . Letter: Put Flybe in the hands of Exeter Chiefs’ managers . Letter: The Troubles went far beyond the ‘sectarian’ . Bill for pair of Carillion hospital projects doubles . EU trade commissioner criticises US-China trade deal . Gap scraps plans to spin off Old Navy . Carney takes on climate finance role ahead of Glasgow talks . World Economic Forum gets a woke wash . Suits aren’t just for the office . Recruitment groups hit by global turmoil . White House broke law by withholding Ukraine aid, watchdog finds . Britain’s new farm bill links subsidies to environmental projects . Ryanair’s O’Leary wades into Flybe debate . Number of international students at UK universities jumps . Trump ‘knew what was going on’ in Ukraine, says Giuliani associate . SEC’s top Democrat issues warning ahead of departure next month . Huawei sets a test for Brexit-era foreign policy . Putin’s new prime minister steps from tax office into limelight . Blockchain, all over your face . NHS demands urgent action to cut gambling addiction in UK . How to understand clients by analysing social media . Beware economists bearing simple equations . China views trade deal as welcome respite in US battle . Pearson warns of fall in profit as leadership contender quits . The GPIF and the complexity of stewardship . Duty of care . US and China sign deal to pause trade war . Iraq’s future uncertain as rival militias seek revenge for US strike . Hand me my pensions crystal ball . Pensions tax relief, buy to let and buying a new car . The Federal Reserve is the cause of the bubble in everything . US business waits on clearer outcome of China trade deal . Amazon shrugs off threat from UK’s new digital tax . Sentencing in big criminal trials to be broadcast on TV . US-China trade pact merely papers over global faultlines . Truce in the US-China trade war is only partial . House votes to trigger Trump impeachment trial . Greggs deal with Just Eat heats up UK delivery wars . British Airways owner IAG files EU complaint over Flybe rescue . Misguided Flybe rescue sets a damaging precedent . MEPs press UK over post-Brexit treatment of EU nationals . Fox News scandal gets glib treatment in Bombshell . Why Extinction Rebellion is wrong about BlackRock . US prosecutors recommend no jail time for ‘flash crash’ trader . Huawei/US sanctions: call to arms . Vladimir Putin outlines leadership revamp and picks new PM . Flybe rescue: the key questions answered . US’s disregard for allies in the Middle East risks backfiring . Tech groups cannot be allowed to hide from scrutiny . Moral Money: Going deep on BlackRock’s green pledge, Solar funds light up returns . The Conservative party should care about inequality . Donald Trump supporters surveilled ex-US ambassador to Ukraine . Rural women are biggest victims of Africa’s energy shortfall . Fund managers must embrace AI disruption . Why we can’t resist online reviews . US tech backlash forces China to be more self-sufficient . Liberty chooses new Virgin Media CFO as part of overhaul . The dictator and the strongman . Warren and Sanders clash in Democratic presidential debate . Donald Trump’s impeachment trial set to start next week . Letter: Meeting in the middle was a bad choice for Boeing . Letter: A climate change message for all us conservatives . Letter: Free Arga to focus on improving audit integrity . Lab workers complain of long hours, bullying and stress . Support for UK business is fragmented, says watchdog . Federal Reserve to keep repo interventions at elevated levels . Flybe saved from collapse after government brokers rescue deal . BofA chief leads new effort to tame unruly ESG metrics . BlackRock seeks to regain lost ground in climate fight . Former Barclays chief wanted to deliver ‘additional value’ to Qatar . BlackRock needs to deliver on climate pledges . Tunisia risks losing its standing as a democratic exemplar . Former BHS owner ordered to pay £9.5m into pension schemes . Guardian owner appoints former scientist as new chief . Flybe/state aid: from bad to Wurzel . Who will win the Labour leadership race? . Old Mutual wins battle to sever ties with former chief . Libya’s military strongman walks away from ceasefire agreement . Can music add anything new to the climate change debate? . Vingroup bumps airline to make way for auto projects . Endeavour Mining pulls out of takeover talks with Centamin . Moon says US election poses threat to North Korean nuclear talks . Moral Money Special: Klaus Schwab on the WEF’s future . US economy: the Federal Reserve’s reality check . Letter: The challenge in international aviation law . Greggs has baked in responsible capitalism . Letter: Climate activists must take a personal responsibility . Regional conflict threat poses early test for Oman’s new sultan . How do I solve my transatlantic inheritance tax problem? . Lobby groups asked to return no-deal Brexit cash . The three clear threats to limits on nuclear arms control . Private sector navigates outer space ahead of international law . Letter: Check before we settle for second-best solutions . Letter: CEOs who don’t deliver just can’t lose, it seems . US exempts allies from some national security deal reviews . Overworked staff and vacancies hit probation service . Mental health operator told to improve service after inspection . Visa to buy fintech Plaid in $5.3bn deal . South Korean inheritance tax threatens family business . Chinese companies get to grips with tougher ESG disclosures . Stretching the risk bands . Steve Varley to step aside as EY UK managing partner for new role . Northern Ireland leaders demand extra funding package . Low-paid workers at risk of losing full state pension . Flybe holds last-ditch talks in bid to avoid collapse . Ghosn sues Renault for €250,000 pension payment . Goldman Sachs promotes tech executives to top committee . Pakistan high court overturns Musharraf death sentence . KPMG UK’s most senior woman quits the firm after two decades . MI5 chief shrugs off Huawei risk . UK’s NHS teams with Novartis to launch heart attack drug trial . Wirecard shareholders seek own review into accounting scandal . Keir Starmer faces 4 female rivals in Labour leadership race . Beales in sale talks to avoid collapse . Youth is an essential requirement for La bohème — and this is no exception . Italy emerges as biggest obstacle to eurozone banking union . Surge in disability discrimination cases at employment tribunals . AstraZeneca takes $100m hit after failed heart drug trial . Contract bridge: with shortage in partner’s bid suit strive to defend . How an EU trade pact could feel like a no-deal Brexit . Trump administration nears decision on LNG shipping by train . The Eurosystem might have a fatal flaw. But it’s not this . Letter: Sanders has a broad appeal that crosses divides . Letter: Let’s not romanticise the conventional office . 2020s will not be kind to active fund managers . ECB’s new faces give investors pause for thought over policy shifts . Austria’s leader says immigration as much a risk as climate change . Andrew Tyrie meets Big Four bosses as audit reform slows . Britain is ripe for a radical shift in energy policy . How map makers will win the 2020 US election . Creativity will pay for the next generation of asset managers . MI5 chief sees tech as biggest challenge and opportunity . Ask, don’t tell: the transformational power of coaching . Voya’s investment chief on ‘overlooked’ female fund managers . Letter: For many of us, ‘shop local’ isn’t an option . Women still missing from top ranks of business, politics and law . CBI urges government to include business in post-Brexit trade talks . Letter: In its dogged pursuit of 2% the Fed has lost touch with the public . Letter: The north needs power . Siemens sparks backlash for refusing to ditch coal mine contract . MI5 head shrugs off risk to intelligence sharing from Huawei links . Pentagon chief ‘didn’t see’ specific evidence of embassy threat . Royal Family to hold emergency summit over Prince Harry’s future . US to ground civilian drone programme on concerns over China tech . Anger over ex-Boeing chief’s potential $80m payout . A narrow EU trade deal is the most likely way forward . The BBC’s formula for success relies on the funding model . Central banks begin to grapple with climate change . Labour frontrunner Keir Starmer targets rank-and-file members . A forgotten rule that could help smooth Brexit . Malta changes leadership in wake of Daphne Caruana Galizia probe . Investigation into ‘rebates’ for brokers is much needed . What next for oil as US-Iran tensions simmer? . Aboriginal groups sue Australian states for loss of land . Fidelity boss calls for fund rules change after Woodford collapse . Vanguard and the US financial system: too big to be healthy? . Corbyn loyalist determined to keep Labour on far-left . US plans to restart forum for economic talks with China . Tsai Ing-wen wins second term as Taiwan president . Wirecard chairman Wulf Matthias quits with immediate effect . Biggest asset managers attacked over role in climate change . Letter: Inappropriate reference that made me cringe . Letter: Chemical pollution is another ‘asteroid threat’ . Muilenburg walks away from Boeing with potential $80m . Boeing crisis deepens as major supplier cuts jobs . Iran says foreign experts can take part in jet crash probe . Keep calm and carry on . Letter: Poverty restricts the poor from helping themselves . Letter: Energy certificate is another waste of time . Citadel Securities sues rival over alleged trading strategy leak . Damning emails threaten Boeing’s reputation with the flying public . Siemens offers climate activist seat on energy arm’s board . Questions raised as HMRC site crashes on VAT deadline . Stormont breakthrough ends three years of stalemate . US vs Iran: the costs of an erratic president . U&I development director boosts holding . Takeaway.com wins takeover battle for Just Eat . Decision on KPMG’s audit of Carillion delayed . Northern Ireland: draft deal on table to resume government . US-Iran tensions cast doubt on dollar’s haven credentials . Curbing ‘exorbitant tax privilege’ is harder than it looks . UBS names SocGen veteran and ex-RBC executive as board nominees . UK government services group Seetec becomes employee owned . Goldman’s former tech chief moves into healthcare . Pensions tax relief: time for the government to bite the bullet . Infosys probe finds whistleblower complaints were without merit . How TS Eliot’s letters came back to haunt him . Why the fate of the ozone layer should give us hope on climate change . Big Tech and the law must learn to work together . Venture capital for the ‘forgotten’ . Basel derivative rules point to more pain for fund managers . Letter: Maintaining a strategic nuclear force is a colossal undertaking and expense . Car finance: is leasing the model choice? . Can you win an election without digital skulduggery? . Boeing workers mocked regulators over 737 Max approval . UK to begin crackdown on human rights abusers . Trump pulls back from the brink but tensions mount . Letter: Gray was an exclusivist and deserves criticism . Better police co-ordination urged in drugs fight . Letter: A ‘normal’ audit — then the old-timers moved in . Letter: Fintech leaders on the rise in southern hemisphere . Letter: Institutes play a big part in the UK’s research ecosystem . Audit office hits out at MoD over nuclear programme cost overruns . Letter: The joint plan of action was all about diplomacy . Taiwan’s main parties claim dirty tricks ahead of election . Nato reluctance to increase troops in Middle East sets up US clash . Clamour grows for rail overhaul as Northern nears end of line . Trump proposes rolling back environmental impact law . IAG’s new pilot must restore the identity of BA . IAG turns to ‘more modest’ chief to chart next course . Pelosi to send Trump charges to Senate ‘when I’m ready’ . UK to keep ban on chlorinated chicken after Brexit . Another legislative step towards Brexit day . US business group chief attacks Democratic hopefuls . FA told streaming deal with gambling groups threatens sports funding . Former head of tax at Freshfields charged over illegal rebate scandal . British Museum warns of climate change risk to Arctic treasures . BlackRock joins climate action group after ‘greenwash’ criticism . Northern rail financial woes force UK minister to step in . Trump’s gamble on Soleimani unlikely to end hostilities . ABN Amro picks new chief executive amid money-laundering probe . Luis Gallego, the Iberia chief set to lead airline group IAG . Donald Trump sees sharp increase in support for economic policies . Liberty House to cut 355 jobs in UK steelmaking plants . Central banks need to refresh their armouries . China is taking its ideological fight abroad . Your tax return: the deadline is looming . Argentine election shock wrongfoots hedge funds in 2019 . Letter: A shared past and an inevitable shared future . UK companies are only ‘paying lip service’ to governance reform . World Bank gloomy in spite of easing US-China tensions . Risks of US-Iran conflict will not quickly subside . FA under pressure to pull deal giving bookmakers streaming rights . Brussels uneasy over EU citizens’ rights after Brexit . Finablr/Travelex: hostage to fortune . Keir Starmer gains initiative in race to be UK Labour party leader . SEC drops insider trading allegations over Anadarko deal . Foreign meddling and west’s impotence fuel Libyan chaos . Global airlines reroute flights as Middle East tensions mount . US economic disengagement with the Middle East is dangerous . TikTok was vulnerable to hackers, say researchers . Post-Brexit public procurement rules face a shake-up . South Korea announces $51bn infrastructure spend ahead of elections . Greggs to award £7m bonus to staff after ‘exceptional’ year . Against secular stagnation . Ten issues for Carlos Ghosn ahead of press conference . Tesco Thai sale to face close regulatory scrutiny . Hungary tests EU diplomatic unity with go-it-alone foreign policy . Ignoring climate risk is more costly than grappling with it . Think-tank warns government risks being unable to keep pay pledge . Letter: Majority support keeping the marriage going . Letter: If you’re rich enough you can circumvent the law . South Western Railway under threat of renationalisation . Iranians killed in Soleimani funeral stampede as crisis deepens . Business groups sceptical on government review of freelance tax . Renault edges closer to new chief as Luca de Meo quits Seat . Former Barclays banker admits Qatar deal was ‘close to the line’ . Woodford’s £9m payment for failure exposes flaw in fund fees . Burford shares jump after US class action lawsuit dropped . AB InBev plans to replace veteran chief financial officer . Scottish minister attacks Javid over ‘worrying’ Budget delay . Former Goldman Sachs banker pleads guilty to insider trading . UK watchdog warns insurers to clean up their act . Dassault Aviation: flight taming . UBS to cut 500 jobs in wealth management overhaul . Tokyo prosecutors obtain arrest warrant for Carole Ghosn . A political experiment unfolds on the Danube . US shopping mall vacancies hit two-decade high . Letter: What if a foreign state were to threaten the Statue of Liberty? . Letter: Tranquil No. 10 was not the place to thrash out complex social and economic problems . Ireland braces for public spending dispute in election campaign . Iran considers options for retribution over Soleimani killing . I’m worried about my role as executor when my brother dies . Sajid Javid set to fly to Davos despite ban for other ministers . City grandees under fire over gay candidate’s lord mayor interview . Tech companies urge EU not to hold them liable for illegal content . Pleas for restraint following assassination of Qasem Soleimani . Letter: To speak the language of power, the EU needs vision . Sajid Javid sets March 11 date for Budget to ‘level up’ UK regions . Labour sets rules for 3-month leadership contest . Vice Media writes down value of international arm . Weinstein faces new sexual assault charges in LA . Schools newsletter: Iran risks, 2019 review, 2020 predictions . SNP forces pro-union parties on to political ropes . Bolton would testify at impeachment trial if subpoenaed . News Corp to sell UK video ad company Unruly . Auditor RSM reveals error that led to bosses’ departures . NMC Health seeks to confirm cash levels after Muddy Waters attack . Qassem Soleimani’s successor vows to expel US from Middle East . Contract bridge: alcohol-fuelled slam requires sober appreciation to succeed . The troublesome Trump inside trading claim . UK services activity picks up on greater Brexit clarity . Opening Quote: New decade; old problem — excessive executive pay . A stormy start to 2020 . Law firm alcohol culture is damaging mental health . Letter: Trump is at a considerable advantage . Sacked Deloitte partner ordered to pay £125,000 . UK election settles business nerves but caution remains . Will autocratic leadership styles spill over into business? . Iran pulls back from nuclear deal as Middle East tensions rise . India-US alliance tested by Narendra Modi’s nationalist agenda . Letter: Scottish financial services are certainly renowned . . . . Letter: Political adviser trend began with Thatcher . Top UK chiefs paid 117 times more than the average worker in 2018 . Operational risk ‘increasing’ due to rise in City watchdogs . Week ahead: US jobs, geopolitics, CES 2020 . Isabel dos Santos to launch legal fight against Angola asset freeze . Mistry abandons fight to retake Tata chair but seeks board seat . Soleimani death sparks fear of retaliation against shipping as stocks slump . US on high alert for Iran-backed cyber attacks . Officials reject claims that final HS2 bill will top £100bn . Spain on track for a coalition government after vote . Democracies are ill-suited to deal with climate change . Keir Starmer enters Labour leadership race . Challenger banks remain vulnerable despite successes . Active fiscal policy must be part of a new normal . Artificial intelligence needs global ground rules . US retail: many unhappy returns . Fund CIOs call US-China tensions biggest challenge for 2020 . Heinrich Deichmann: Driven by a sense of duty . Slow progress on fire safety risks another Grenfell, mayor warns . The Mekong Delta: an unsettling portrait of coastal collapse . Rockets fired at Iraqi military base housing US troops . A crack team is just the start for civil service reform . Bolivia to hold new presidential election . Trump’s ‘defensive’ strike comes without a strategy shift . Letter: Equitable Life is still centre stage to some . Middle East braced for backlash after killing of Qassem Soleimani . Would your finances pass the 10 year challenge? . Trump’s Iran attack becomes 2020 campaign issue . Commerzbank raises stake in online arm after deal with activist . Veganism is belief worthy of legal protection, judge rules . Lawyers get ready for ‘Divorce Day’ . Iran’s top military leader Qassem Soleimani killed in US air strike . A World Without Work — how AI will hit employment . This “Event Risk Radar” is a bad idea . Civil engineering activity declines at fastest pace since 2009 . Does streetwear have a future? . US-China financial war is just beginning to take shape . Can you work out the true cost of a university education? . Science: what breakthroughs will the 2020s bring? . Are the UK’s rules on e-cigarettes too lax? . Crunch time for tycoon as Digicel bond clouds loom . Half of apprenticeships funded by levy are ‘fake’, think-tank warns . Letter: Conversation about our data must involve us all . US health officials unveil e-cigarette restrictions . Catalan separatist party agrees to abstain in vote on new Madrid government . Corbyn critics fear hard-left move to control leader race . JBS: unreliable steer . Venezuela’s refugee crisis needs a proper response . ‘Ethical vegan’ begins legal battle to protect veganism in law . Airbus: fight risk . Netanyahu requests immunity from prosecution . Moral Money: 20 things to watch in 2020 . Crime wave roils Tehran as sanctions bite . Taiwan’s top military official killed in helicopter crash . Brussels faces fight over minimum wage pledge for EU . New Year, New You! The boom in executive coaching . HMRC to act over state pension ‘missing years’ . Matteo Renzi on the problem with populists . UK reform of whiplash claims system faces delay . Women still missing from top ranks of law firms . Letter: Biodiversity is key to action on climate change . Letter: Nuclear is the safest way to generate reliable electricity . Letter: FT persists in its neglect of two critical continents . Letter: Buffett has a role as a citizen, too . Letter: Trump’s the shoddy one . Democracy still works — but only if we work at it . The impossible task of picking the best leaders . Do not underestimate Trump’s re-election chances . The EU needs to learn the language of power . Boards must be held accountable for sexual harassment scandals . California’s privacy law arrives to confusion and costs for businesses