The Green Beret ex-con who allegedly helped Carlos Ghosn escape . Letter: Musk has overhyped Tesla’s autopilot feature . Catch up on our 5 best weekend reads . Britain moves on wearily to its momentous new chapter . Britain finally breaks away from EU after 47 years of membership . Do not deprive us of our right to football banter . Letter: A perfect illustration of Brexiter entanglement . Letter: Congrats on publishing a sound explanation . Letter: Why did you waste your space on such an article? . Letter: Our attitudes are surely changing all the time . Letter: What next, as warriors become more remote? . Thoughts for the weekend . On digital: Bait / The Last Tree . Snapshot: ‘Nicolas & Adrien: A World with Two Sons’ by Martine Fougeron . Triumphalism gives way to quiet righteousness in Brexit heartland . Investors Chronicle: Just Eat, Petra Diamonds, Amigo Holdings . Amazon rejoins $1tn club on back of blockbuster earnings . Last chance to enter the FT’s stockpicking competition . Sleeper trains can drive cleaner business travel . The entire economy is Fyre Festival, crypto edition . Aston Martin is a ‘gem that needs love’, says billionaire rescuer . Innovation diary: MIT professors keep the ideas flowing . Brexit day: a moment of symbolism, not change . An exclusive look at a reborn, rewilded Rajasthan retreat . Maro Itoje: tackling ‘the one-man wrecking ball’ . Travel news: the best destinations . The return of the greatcoat . Tory free marketeers know which way the wind is blowing . A selection of the FT’s biggest stories and best reads every Friday . Best of Lex: your weekly round-up . How social media and tech transformed book design . Strange Hotel by Eimear McBride — finely controlled and complex . Untold Night and Day — double vision in a twilight Seoul . Theft by Luke Brown — a wry and stylish look at male privilege . The Bilingual Brain — the power of linguistics and learning . Dog selfies? Stand-ins take centre stage for Iowa’s Democratic caucus . Black Wave — how Saudi-Iran rivalry has unravelled the Middle East . The Dolphin Letters — a marriage of literary heavyweights . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Only a £50 Brexit note could unite the kingdom . Lundies House: a ‘Scandi-Scot’ haven in the Highlands . The Righteous Gemstones has fun with a fraudulent family of televangelists . Baghdad Central on Channel 4 is a crime thriller that pulses with menace . Robert Franz: Collected Osterwald Lieder and Songs — vignettes of lyrical beauty . Seth Lakeman: The Pilgrim’s Tale — a sideways look at colonialism . Theo Hill: Reality Check — a cracking set from beginning to end . Destroyer: Have We Met — big melodies with a theatrical twist . Waclaw Zimpel: Massive Oscillations — mesmerising busyness . Jennifer Doudna, Crispr scientist, on the ethics of editing humans . Kesha: High Road — shifting between pop-rap and country-tinged ballads . Into the unknown: could Siberia be travel’s hot new destination? . Michael Keegan-Dolan: ‘Classical ballet isn’t some sort of pinnacle’ . Design highlights from Toronto’s largest fair . Confessions of a houseplant obsessive . Thoroughly mid-century modern: 100 years of Ercol furniture . Why Parisians are moving to La Baule . Notting Hill’s luxury homes attract buyers for the long term . The curse of the feature wall . My Addresses: chef Alfio Laudani on Catania . Valtellina: the pinnacle of fashion . Donald Trump faithful stand by their man during his trial . Playwright Antoinette Nwandu: ‘My spiritual ambition? To stay sane as the world teeters off its axis’ . Learning to fight in my fifties: adrenalin and the art of self-defence . A new exhibition explores masculinity, from the tough to the tender . FT Weekend Quiz solutions . Let’s demolish the cult of period property . Warren Buffett’s lesson for companies: keep candid . Apollo dispute risks cutting off Super Bowl for satellite TV viewers . The ‘damn fools’ got it right on Brexit . The UK is leaving the EU. Now the hard work begins . Potato and garlic shakshuka — a Honey & Co recipe . Mei Mei, London: ‘Experience genius for pocket change’ — restaurant review . Nintendo sets out plans to unlock value from IP treasure trove . How to style a pinstripe suit . A Very Stable Genius — yes, we do need another White House exposé . Two of the biggest US private equity groups have found the holy grail of investing . T-Bonds: fill your boots while you can . Letter: Create bespoke brands that fit Chinese tastes . Ingram Pinn’s illustration of the week: Leap of faith . Ferrari in legal battle over name of its first SUV . My travels through a China in lockdown . Wall Street bucks global sell-off despite virus ‘emergency’ . Apollo/Athene: permanent way . British embassies told to keep Brexit day events low key . Apollo and Blackstone build $250bn permanent capital war chest . The Fed’s bill-buying is not QE, but it looks shifty . Best new London theatre: Uncle Vanya, Faustus: That Damned Woman, and Kunene and the King . Brexit: are we there yet? . Sudan’s cinematic superheroes assemble in Talking About Trees . Unilever: reading the tea leaves . Trapped Britons set to fly out of Wuhan on Friday . Hard exit: Britain says goodbye with a song and a tear . Ben van Beurden fits out Shell with a suit for all seasons . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Tesla and the number 500,000, again . The kind of fiscal-monetary co-operation worth having . Rich and famous turn to ‘personal cyber security’ to protect phones . Can the Dutch save the world from the danger of rising sea levels? . Patience is the best tonic for my portfolio . Resurgent Marine Le Pen revels in Macron’s woes . Letter: We have collectively failed Bauer’s third challenge . Letter: Focus on the haystack — not on the needles . Letter: Show the super-rich how to change their lifestyles . Jaguar Land Rover chief Ralf Speth to step back in September . UPS orders 20,000 vehicles from electric-van maker Arrival . Goldman Sachs vows to lift returns to catch up with Wall Street rivals . Is the UK set for a Brexit bounce? . iPhone 11 steals Apple’s latest show . Can online exercising at home beat the chore of going to the gym? . US pending home sales post worst fall since 2010 . EU’s eye-catching green measures are not quite what they seem . The Lighthouse — Robert Pattinson and Willem Dafoe star in a ridiculously enjoyable film . A Beautiful Day in the Neighborhood — Tom Hanks plays a cherished children’s TV star . How to boost your brain power . Contract bridge: with lousy hand, deep thought is required to thwart opponent . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . How Van Eyck’s altar changed western art . ‘We see people getting ill around us’: the foreigners trapped in Wuhan . Sole meunière — a Rowley Leigh recipe . Wizz Air boss pledges to grow ‘even faster’ despite Brexit . Here’s Woody! . Internet of Things: Smart cities pick up the pace . Automation finds home in building design . Artists and activists offer privacy hope as facial recognition spreads . Digital twins give urban planners virtual edge . An inside guide to healthy living in Paris . When is a video game too difficult? . Putin’s new Ukraine man lifts hopes of peace progress in Kyiv . When Mughal art met the white gaze — William Dalrymple’s Forgotten Masters . Make the punishment fit the white collar crime . Genre round-up — audio books . How food-delivery apps could change the way we eat out . Preet Bharara is coming back for Wall Street . 'Let's just get out of there' is not a strategy . How rugby club Saracens taught executive skills — but hid the cheating . Apple: core strength . Call to speed up ‘blue skies’ UK research agency . Letter: As an Ipswich resident, I appreciate its diversity . Letter: My father came home with an advertisement that set me on my path . BorgWarner/Delphi: you will be assimilated . US scotches idea of Wilbur Ross trip to China as virus hits . Royal Philips: device divide . Naim’s mega little speaker and light therapy headphones . ‘Groundhog Day’ for German army as improvement drive stalls . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Paris protests follow the old pattern of left-right clashes . My kitchen essential: I’d be lost without . . . a salad spinner . Juilliard Focus Festival celebrates trailblazing female composers . EU attempts a Polish reset . Letter: Lifestyle changes will have to affect everyone . A rare look inside the black box of wealth management . China spy suspect casts chill over EU’s vulnerabilities . Amigo seeks new friends after putting itself up for sale . Human connections will always beat Google Translate . Letter: Greta doesn’t need ‘a degree in economics’ . Letter: Balls is just the man to pull the UK into a single interactive model . Meet the designer producing clothes from cardboard and old tents . EU seeks to force through single standard phone charger . Alison of RBS will say it with prickly roses on Valentine’s Day . Nerves in Sunderland on edge as Brexit day approaches . Capgemini wins fight with Elliott over Altran bid . The rising scourge of modern anti-Semitism . US wants chemical-washed chicken on EU trade menu . UK shares/Brexit: taboo to-do . Huawei/5G: still plenty to play for . Football hacker claims responsibility for Isabel dos Santos leaks . Aisha and Abhaya — an uneasy mix of film and dance at the Linbury Theatre, London . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Chess: Fabiano Caruana steps up new US world crown bid by outpointing Magnus Carlsen . Brexit countdown . How life after Brexit will get uncomfortable for Von der Leyen . Letter: Bush mooted ‘new world order’ as a possibility . Will.i.am talks business, AI and the return of the Black Eyed Peas . My duel life balancing sport and MBA study . Business schools target the talented but less wealthy . Now is the time to rethink what the MBA should be . Gender pay gap: female MBA graduates still behind but gaining ground . Platforms vie to become the connective tissue of Wall Street . Can an MBA help build a career in property? . Disabled adventure travel entrepreneur’s MBA journey . Letter: A child psychiatrist is something very different . Volvo warns of crunched car line-up if UK splits from EU rules . Brexit, bears, luxury: catch up on our 5 best weekend reads . A plot twist in Donald Trump’s US growth story . Putin seeks to secure his legacy with power shake-up . Facebook content moderators required to sign PTSD forms . A new podcast traces Hollywood’s relationship with the beauty industry . Hollywood ‘sequelitis’ and why pay-TV follows a different script . Letter: I’ve got the kit and I’m looking forward to joining Fabio’s ‘very elitist’ club . AI: tech smarts . Swatch battles Swiss competition commission over movement sales . My favourite pieces: Jan-Erik Viitala enjoys preserving the past . Gamers get virtual access to high fashion and accessories . Silver screen engagement rings get second life in popular culture . Deconstructed Watch: Hublot Classic Fusion Ferrari GT . Zodiac watch interest wanes as Chinese Year of the Rat starts . Rolling Stone Ronnie Wood on the satisfaction of painting Bremont watch dials . The next bust may not come soon, but it will hurt . Couple plead guilty to swindling Berkshire Hathaway . Clayton Christensen, author of ‘The Innovator’s Dilemma’, 1952-2020 . Digging for dirt with the Davos plumbers . Letter: The Boss and his Band are life-affirming . Letter: Cinema is putting in a miraculous performance . Letter: What’s Javid smoking? . Letter: Biker buddies meet daily under the golden arches . Letter: Dystopian concept album Bowie dreamt of making . Airbnb sues US developer it partnered with to build apartments . On digital: Joker / Ad Astra . BTS and the birth of K-pop art . Intel chipper on chips for 2020 . Investors Chronicle: J Sainsbury, Joules, Hastings . Davos jaunt proves a useful distraction for Donald Trump . Best of Lex: your weekly round-up . A selection of the FT’s biggest stories and best reads every Friday . Metropolitan Police to deploy live facial recognition in London . ‘Levelling up’: Boris Johnson faces awkward choice over costly HS2 project . Yellow Star, Red Star: Holocaust Remembrance After Communism . The Year Without Summer — an angry and unforgettable novel . The best new children’s books out this week . Lee Child’s retirement is good news for Jack Reacher fans . To the Lake: A Balkan Journey of War and Peace . Why do we give music a human face? . The politics of pregnancy in art history . Pubic hair makes a return in Bring Back the Bush on Channel 4 . The Windermere Children, BBC2 — an uplifting true story to mark Holocaust Remembrance Day . Elliot Galvin: Live in Paris — precise lines and rigorous thematic development . J Hus: Big Conspiracy — a measured embrace of notoriety . Pet Shop Boys: Hotspot — cool Euro-modernism meets wedding disco . Poliça: When We Stay Alive — intense songs lack a sense of purpose . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Chrystia Freeland: ‘We liberals have had a rude awakening’ . The best seeds to sow now . Meet the designer striving to build hazard-free kitchens . Whistler’s ‘Peacock Room’ reinterpreted at the V&A . Inside Nithurst Farm — an architect’s sci-fi dream . Why luxury brands want to sell you a home . Counting humanity down to a new abnormal . Writer Isabel Allende: ‘I wish I still had the innocence I lost in Chile’s military coup’ . Amia Srinivasan: the Oxford philosopher on animal rights, abortion and the far-right . Why should wine taste like minerals? . My Addresses: chef-restaurateur Roberta Hall-McCarron on the best places to eat in Edinburgh . How to drink wine with Chinese food this new year . FT Weekend Quiz: ‘The Hunger Games’, The Police and Bernie Sanders . FT Weekend Quiz solutions . Salvini’s path back to power . Davos Special Edition: What really happened this week? . Losing my religion — and learning to parent without it . Letter: Clean glass buildings are a poor substitute for the hustle and bustle . Ingram Pinn’s illustration of the week: One-click delivery . Battle lines harden in Spain’s classroom culture wars . Red carpet beauty: how to look good in photos . Will big banks ever make money in China? . Rich People’s Problems: I’m feeling the pinch — relatively speaking . Intel: feeling chipper . Profanity and bawdy wit enliven old age in Grand Horizons on Broadway . Letter: Collaborative spaces bring people together . Letter: How ‘one China’ can make the whole world happier . Uber strikes deal with Nissan in electric vehicle push . Xerox/HP: moxie proxy . Stumpf to pay $17.5m over Wells Fargo fake accounts . Renaissance Technologies founder names his son co-chairman . German start-ups boosted by record number of drivers leasing cars . Facial hair trends help Procter & Gamble recover . Number of young homeowners catches up with private renters once more . Nutella/Ferrero: nut fluster . Apple hits out at EU plans for a universal smartphone charger . How to collect rally cars . Best new London theatre — Maxine Peake in The Welkin, Beckett triple bill, The Sunset Limited . Go west young man, with Prada’s $240 bolo tie . Love Island and the dark cloud of buy now pay later . ByteDance moves step closer to launching music streaming service . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Stop throwing money at mindfulness apps, puppies and yoga . Le Comptoir Robuchon, London: ‘a fitting tribute to the late great chef’ — restaurant review . The ideal time not to buy an electric car . Opening Quote: Master of online retailing Asos regains momentum . Wuhan virus points to tough Year of the Rat for Xi Jinping . The truth about weekend working . Brexit, blue passports and the declining value of Britishness . M&A: ’Tis the season of goodwill . Summing up: FT Money’s festive quiz . Audio feature: on the frontline of deforestation in the Amazon . Planting crops with trees drives ‘magical’ reforestation in Costa Rica . Irate amateurs delay US commercial drone flights . Letter: Falling birth rates are surely a reason to rejoice . Letter: HS2: it’s the Concorde story all over again . Letter: Once was quite enough . Artists and actors seek £3.5m to preserve Derek Jarman’s Kent beach house . Amundi: scale whale . Lisa Nandy reaches final round of Labour leadership race . Jaguar Land Rover plans to cut 500 jobs at Merseyside plant . Sainsbury’s chief Mike Coupe to step down after six years in charge . The Art Market — Lowry hits the heights at Christie’s . Can you swallow the idea of lab-grown meat? . A mismatched couple are thrown together in Queen & Slim . Wind turbines, melancholy and goat-kissing in The Man Who Killed Don Quixote . Amazon Music subscriber numbers close in on Apple . Hyundai Motor: ignition key . The Personal History of David Copperfield — Armando Iannucci adapts Dickens with dizzying good cheer . Fender fined £4.5m for breaking UK competition rules . Best of Lex Midweek: Techlash . Siemens offers cautionary tale on responding to climate activists . How Wall Street emerged as a big winner from US-China truce . Chess: very few solvers can crack this puzzle — how do you compare? . UK manufacturers feel more upbeat, CBI study shows . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Coffee profiteroles — a Honey & Co recipe . The birth of ‘digital twins’ will transform our world . Letter: Google needs a new relationship with our data . Can Uber find a solution to its endless cash burn? . Polish president accuses Putin of ‘historical lie’ over second world war . German Greens make friends with business in climate change fight . The global elite is finally getting used to Donald Trump . Jimmie Angel: the pioneering aviator and the world’s highest waterfall . More careers advice, early in life, works wonders . Cruise debuts GM’s first fully autonomous electric vehicle . Pulitzer-winning A Soldier’s Play vividly explores the toll of racism . Singapore’s new digital banks face uphill struggle . While protests continue in Paris, designers reappraise modern masculinity . Big Tech in doing good Davos do-over . US property group Harrison Street bets on UK biotech . Carlos Ghosn: I am a victim of double standards and disinformation . UBS: dream scratcher . Fat-shaming Falstaff — Calixto Bieito updates Verdi with dirty T-shirts and dogging . Helena Citrónová — Somtow Sucharitkul’s Auschwitz-set opera premieres in Bangkok . The inconvenient truth about green gilts . New BP boss gathers his most trusted turtles . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Picasso and Paper at the RA: all the hits, plus countless surprises . My kitchen essential: I’d be lost without . . . champagne . Opening Quote:  EasyJet still faces headwinds, but is going in the right direction . Uber sells Indian food delivery business to local rival Zomato . Tech groups dominate Davos but focus shifts from giants to unicorns . Letter: The patent troll myth has little basis in fact . Letter: Restaurant portion sizes are simply too large . How a herd of cows trampled on human stockpickers . Letter: Javid has performed a complete about-face . Letter: At last, I understand Brexit’s real purpose . Barclay brothers in talks to sell Ritz hotel to Saudi investors . Reiss owner weighs options for fashion brand . A gripping take on jazz standards from Anthony Braxton . Greek National Opera arrives on the international stage with Wozzeck . Rossini for the age of the influencer at Staatsoper Hannover . Eminem’s new album Music to Be Murdered By has a torrent of words but precious few stories . Too few spoonfuls of tonic makes Fevertree’s shares go down . Reece Clarke performs with power and subtlety in the Royal Ballet’s Onegin . JPMorgan Chase buys second Paris office as post-Brexit plan accelerates . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . The Witcher is not a freelancer . QE or not QE? Why the Fed is struggling with its message . Swamp Notes — Davos edition . The Senate should use its awesome power properly . Opening Quote: G&T boom starts turning to bust (maybe, finally) . Vietnam’s biggest mobile company to roll out 5G services . Living with Damien Hirst and friends . Letter: HBS let us study but we weren’t allowed to sit with the men . Electoral Shocks: the Volatile Voter in a Turbulent World, by Edward Fieldhouse, Jane Green and others . ‘Let’s figure out how I can be more present and powerful’ . Business schools revamp traditional MBA . Letter: Legend of derivatives trading was an early fan of passive investing . Letter: Family name comes first in Chinese . Auschwitz, Cummings, diamonds: catch up on our 5 best weekend reads . Lotte group founder, Shin Kyuk-ho, dies aged 98 . Beirut rocked by violent clashes in ‘week of rage’ . Tech innovation needs a level playing field . Reasons to beware the growing $1tn tech club . Chinese students/US: freshman error . Scene on Radio podcast asks: has US democracy ever been healthy? . Facebook apologises after Xi Jinping name translated as an obscenity . Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to end royal duties in the spring . China and Myanmar sign off on Belt and Road projects . Why Pearson’s latest profit warning is a teachable moment . Help! I’m heading into the U-shaped happiness abyss . New glitch found in 737 Max software . Letter: A generous and very typical Clarke gesture . Letter: As long as Lucy Kellaway carries on writing . Letter: Based on passion and beyond logic — Noptimism is the new religion . Letter: Colonialism to climate change is no great leap . Topping the charts for an extended reign . Thoughts for the weekend . On digital: Judy / The Farewell . Let athletes enjoy their high-tech footwear . Investors Chronicle: Games Workshop, Elementis, Boku . The royal rebels are swapping one gilded cage for another . Mark-Anthony Turnage’s new work weaves its spell at the Royal Festival Hall . Best of Lex: your weekly round-up . Chineke! Orchestra: Spark Catchers — eclectic and heartfelt . Les Amazones D’Afrique: Amazones Power — a supergroup dedicated to political and feminist activism . Stan Sulzmann & Nikki Iles: Lush Life — a delightful chamber-jazz set . Mac Miller: Circles — mellow sounds and poignant lyrics . . . . And You Will Know Us by the Trail of Dead: X — a gnostic take on US heartland rock . Mura Masa: RYC — an electronic album with pre-internet warmth . White House Farm is a moving drama based on a real murder case . Avenue 5, Sky One — Hugh Laurie stars in a space cruise gone wrong . A selection of the FT’s biggest stories and best reads every Friday . Ant Financial: small savers, big bets . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Málaga’s makeover . Why Hollywood still prefers the little woman . The best benches for indoors and out . What are the best trees to plant now? . How to choose a bathtub that will make waves . Meet the ceramicist making light fixtures from porcelain . Lynda Benglis: the globe-trotting artist who shocks and delights . Federico Fellini at 100 and the myth of realism . Red at the Bone — a rich portrait of a 20th-century American family . Facebook does not understand the marketplace of ideas . Inside the epic restoration of the Vatican’s Raphael Rooms . The seeds of veganism . Monty Don: ‘I realise there are things I’m not going to do, and that’s liberating’ . Don McCullin on photographing war — and collecting antiques . FT Weekend Quiz solutions . Genre round-up — our critic’s pick of the best new thrillers . The Story of Yoga — the truth about downward dogs . Tales from the gulag — piercing prose by Varlam Shalamov . Motherwell — a heart-rending and generous memoir of girlhood . The Doll by Ismail Kadare — a mesmerising autobiographical novel . Will the real Mark Darcy please stand for Labour leader? . Can Mâconnais wines rival the best burgundy? . Opening Quote: Ladbrokes owner rides out storm over gambling . Gwyneth Paltrow brings psychedelics and orgasms to Netflix with The Goop Lab . The ITV M&A fantasy . I heart the heartlands: in defence of the US’s misunderstood Midwest . Matches Fashion has designs on the modern bride . Best new London theatre: This Time, RAGS The Musical and Magic Goes Wrong . How Loro Piana serves ‘nomadic elite’ with €7,000 cashmere coats . Why my bad taste is the kiss of death . Wall Street M&A fees drop by more than $500m in 2019 . Italy’s collapsing birth rate rings demographic alarm bells . ‘Quant winter’ raises tricky questions for a hot industry . Letter: Bells now . . . let’s hope it isn’t hands before long . Letter: Who are you kidding? It’s mayhem at Bracken House . Bombardier shares suffer deep fall after guidance slashed . Rebecca Long Bailey wins Momentum backing for Labour leadership . Pearson’s digital failings must be consigned to the history books . Volkswagen chief warns ‘sacred cows’ need slaughtering . Midnight Traveller — refugee documentary is a digital box of surprises . The alphabet soup of green standards needs a new recipe . Brand Le Monde Beryl just gets bigger . Outgoing FT editor Lionel Barber: how the world has changed . ‘Blank cheque’ group Far Point agrees Global Blue acquisition . Tech start-up develops augmented reality contact lenses . Shandong Ruyi: confessions of a shopaholic . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . UK livestock farmers fret as veganism challenge grows . Back to the classroom . Is the EU trying to have its Brexit cake and eat it? . Beware Trump’s admiration for Putin, Xi and Erdogan . Asics springs forward on reports of ban on Nike running shoes . Opening Quote: Even Primark is feeling the pinch on the high street . Baillie Gifford: pot kettle black . Tesla: electric sheep . Your top tips for staying healthy in Paris . Dominic Cummings has ‘done’ Brexit. Now he plans to reinvent politics . Britons gambled £14.4bn in a year . Scotland’s first commercial gold mine faces green opposition . Hyundai and Kia give UK car industry €100m electric jolt . What companies can learn from a Cambridge physics laboratory . Sanders and Warren feud . Letter: It’s hard to identify the ‘Judeo’ part of Austria’s heritage . Estate agents eye better times but Brexit could still dampen market . Ghosn’s escape puts Japan justice system in a tight spot . Wall Street secures record highs as US and China ink trade deal . Beyond Meat’s sizzling rally leads to Wall Street downgrade . Gut feelings for the future of food . Hottest decade ever recorded ‘driven by man-made climate change’ . ASMI/Moore’s Law: 20-year overnight success . Ashmore/Mark Coombs: hold music . Just Mercy — Jamie Foxx stars as a man convicted of murder on negligible evidence . A Hidden Life is Terrence Malick’s best film in years . Be Natural: The Untold Story of Alice Guy-Blaché — a woman who reshaped cinema . Suits v hoodies: the cryptocurrency battle . The erotic, evocative Magdalene stands out at this year’s Prototype Festival . Best of Lex Midweek: US lenders’ urge to merge . US arguably relies more on China trade now than before spat began . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Beetroot sabzi salad — a Honey & Co recipe . Letter: Don’t fool yourself that trackers are less risky . Splits over Green QE are a sign of the times . Letter: Willing Taiwanese could make the island unconquerable . Arctic Bath: Sweden’s spectacular new floating spa hotel . Uncanny Valley — an inside look at misogyny in Big Tech . It’s a strange new world where tech stocks are safe havens . Should I study a masters straight away, or work for a few years? . Carefree investors should heed lessons from 2018 shake-out . World’s oceans hit record temperatures . Letter: Ocean liner is stylish but too slow to escape justice . Letter: Is the Bracken House idyll real or fake? . US natgas production to decline for first time in half a decade . Film on daring female surfer makes waves in Bangladesh . China’s credit pulse has a kick . Boeing cedes crown as largest plane maker to Airbus . Capgemini makes ‘best and final’ Altran offer . Games Workshop ‘in great shape’ as shares hit record high . Americans are wrong to paint China as an intellectual property thief . Suresnes Cités Danse 2020 opens in Paris with a double bill of new work . It is never too late to return to university . Boris Johnson’s curious change of tone on trade deal . Blood, sweat and booze are essential to the City’s identity . Virtual pop star Hatsune Miku makes a real impact at the Brixton Academy . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . My kitchen essential: I’d be lost without . . . a brass cogwheel . Opening Quote: Flybe’s future hangs in the balance . Visa/Plaid: check mark . Why Vitol boss will ‘kick butts’ to boost performance . What do children spend their pocket money on? . Warren says Sanders told her woman could not win White House . Sellers asked to choose in battle between Alibaba and Pinduoduo . Letter: Swap all that unused concrete and asphalt for more green spaces . Letter: Nice work if you can get it . Letter: Auditing profession has never relented in its drive to adapt and improve . Barcelona tops football’s rich list for first time . Wall Street closes at new records as tech rallies . Chinese football club owner hits out at state lender . Scottish ferry boss says deal for two boats went wrong ‘at outset’ . Cory Booker drops out of 2020 presidential race . Alphabet: the $2tn challenge . Germany’s shift to electric cars puts 400,000 jobs at risk in next decade . Vijay Iyer presents Ritual Ensemble at Wigmore Hall — Indian music meets left-field jazz . David Lang’s new opera prisoner of the state punches its message home at the Barbican . English National Ballet rises superbly to the challenge of Le Corsaire . Singers bring Blood Moon to life at the Baruch Performing Arts Center, New York . FT Schools: University costs, young fiction, world in 2020 . China car sales tumble for second year in row . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Chess: find White’s weird three-move winning tactic . Alphabet on the brink of joining the $1tn club . Philippine volcano eruption forces thousands to evacuate . Panera Bread to cut meat on its menu by a third . Why tomorrow’s architecture will use yesterday’s materials . Frequent flyer: the hassle of European train travel . TikTok explores curated content feed to lure advertisers . Carlos Ghosn’s latest quest is mission impossible . More than half of groups turning to CVAs still go under . Letter: A doctor’s best advice ever to a young man . Red states: Trump country's love affair with Chinese investment . Catch up on our 5 best weekend reads . Nissan executives step up planning for potential split from Renault . Nato has little appetite for Trump’s Middle East mission . It is time to get UK high-speed rail back on track . Mental health/psychedelic drugs: shroom for improvement . You can tell a lot about a boss from how they act on holiday . Corbynism must end with Corbyn . Oman swears in new sultan following death of Qaboos . Keir Starmer leads the Labour leadership race, Boris Johnson hits his first Brexit obstacle . US milk: don’t have a cow, man . It was a happy New Year for repo but problems remain . The K-pop star who rebuilt her life after online abuse . MIT took Epstein’s money knowing of his past, report finds . Of course writers owe readers an explanation . How children and parents are reclaiming UK streets . Wall Street pulls back from records after December jobs report . Letter: Bread and circuses for today’s paying tourists . Letter: Those left-behind boys are an untapped pool of talent . Letter: Robots don’t take our jobs but do control what we do . Letter: Usual non-binding targets won’t improve air quality . Letter: Daisies, daffodils . . . it’s blooming climate change . Letter: Many experiences may be classed as ‘trauma’ and therapy can help . Letter: ‘Fire and Rain’ is the best three-verse song ever . Letter: Education can do little if children witness real-life prejudice every day . Google parent Alphabet’s top lawyer to step down . On digital: Hustlers / Animals . Snapshot: ‘The Legacy of Issei Suda (1940-2019): Human Memory’ . Taipei Dangdai opens its second edition . Boeing: tears of the clowns . Living in a dematerialised world . Travelex staff forced to hand over laptops as virus fears grow . Superdry: comeback kid . Menswear Autumn/Winter 2020 shows . Greta Gerwig, making her own way in the world . Best of Lex: your weekly round-up . Stefano Pilati and Telfar stage shows to remember . A selection of the FT’s biggest stories and best reads every Friday . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Catch it while it’s fresh: off piste in Siberia . To Bhutan, in a wheelchair . Architect Ellen Van Loon on the power of imagination . Francis Alÿs: surreal whimsy meets ethical commitment . Dance company Peeping Tom’s unsettling view of family life . How Renaissance painter Andrea Mantegna bridged worlds . Cobra, Sky One — a catastrophe drama with high stakes . Sex Education, Netflix — the unofficial teen ‘sexpert’ returns . Sheku Kanneh-Mason brings personality and sensitivity to Elgar’s Cello Concerto . Arve Henriksen: The Timeless Nowhere — an engrossing and expansive set . Poppy: I Disagree — YouTube star gets meta and messy . Martha High finds a vintage framework for her forceful vocals on Nothing’s Going Wrong . Georgia’s Seeking Thrills brings self-reflection to the dancefloor . Bonny Light Horseman: Bonny Light Horseman — short album that tells a long tale . Shakespeare First Folio to be auctioned for first time in 20 years . Georges Duboeuf, winemaker and distributor, 1933-2020 . From Mayfair to the Middle East, artisan weavers are rethinking rugs . Animal house: wildlife-inspired rugs, chairs and tablecloths . How light pollution affects the lives of garden creatures . Where to buy the hottest desks . TV petrolhead James May on the slow joys of woodworking . The artist Sophie Calle: ‘People think they know me. But they know nothing’ . Spare me the inane ramblings of ‘enlightened’ celebrities . Classical guitarist Miloš: ‘Musical instruments are like people — they each have their own soul’ . Was it good for you? The evolution of sex in fiction . Square Haunting by Francesca Wade — women who defied prejudice . Genre round-up — the pick of young adult fiction . Such a Fun Age by Kiley Reid — a dazzlingly clear-eyed debut . FT Weekend Quiz solutions . Why Mr Merlot is key to the present state of Italian wine . Chef and restaurateur Elia Sebregondi on the best places to eat and drink in Naples . From pies to protein shakes: what footballers really eat . The Cigarette: A Political History by Sarah Milov — smoke and mirrors . The Hidden History of Burma by Thant Myint-U — a clear-eyed view of Myanmar . Central bankers’ telling tales . Designers give wellies a reboot . What happens to your old laptop? The growing problem of e-waste . Why I changed my mind about buy-to-let . How to never have a hangover . Ingram Pinn’s illustration of the week: Appearing act . Lucy Kirkwood on going from kitchen to courthouse with ‘The Welkin’ . Tempers flare as Teruel’s lone MP backs Spanish coalition . Protest and the pavement library . Apple’s heady rise highlights perils of concentration . China: did everything go according to five-year plan? . Can anything make the S&P 500 drop? | Charts that Count . Google’s Android auction puts tiny search rivals in spotlight . Barnier sticks to firm line on Brexit talks . Marianne Crebassa at Wigmore Hall — her voice is the real thing . Faangs for the memory . UK IPOs/Calisen: hearth life . The best of CES 2020: the smart home gets a lot smarter . Winsing Art Place founder Jenny Yeh: ‘The most important aspect of collecting art is sharing’ . Meet Luxury Logico — the machine-obsessed art collective . Jil Sander — content simply to be simple . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . The fruits of America’s tragic turn in the Middle East . FT business books of the month: January edition . Grubhub: empty stomach . Opening Quote: Britain’s retailers find little festive cheer . Carlos Ghosn flashes passion and defiance on Beirut stage . Marks and Spencer fails to build on signs of recovery . Tripoli troubles put EU powers on edge . Silicon Valley reinvents Victorianism . US airlines rush to secure 737 Max simulators . Incense — so haute right now . How to crunch the cost of joining a gym . Apple/5G: speed freaks . Generation Putin: young Russians on the only leader they’ve ever known . From Desert Storm to Soleimani: how US drone warfare has evolved . Letter: Let’s all embrace idleness . Letter: Less celebration, a lot more action on SDGs . No degree, no problem as MBA courses diversify . Wall Street strategists look to unearth the next ‘Fangs’ . The $20bn battle for Thyssenkrupp’s crown jewel heats up . Letter: Shake up accountancy by letting smaller players in . Letter: Assassination was a shoot and run, guerrilla-style . Softbank-backed Oyo model under pressure in China . Prince Harry and Meghan Markle step back from royal duties . SFO accused of ‘ulterior purpose’ by daughter of ENRC oligarch . Stephen Hough performs a thoroughly individual programme at Wigmore Hall . Gold: war bride . Seberg — how a movie star joined the ranks of black radicals . 1917 — Sam Mendes’ film is wildly cinematic but also deeply human . Adam Sandler stars in the majestically frantic Uncut Gems . Hottest and driest year in Australian history fuels bushfires . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Tahini creamed chard — a Honey & Co recipe . All 176 killed in Tehran air crash . Letter: Only one toilet pass? Give me a break . Greek economy: will reality collide with fresh optimism in Athens? . Does London need Men’s Fashion Week? . Warren Buffett: New year, new deal? . LVMH’s ‘hacks’ for luxury innovation . Letter: US has been running the largest Keynesian experiment in the history of the world . Thousands of pupils left in ‘stuck’ schools, says Ofsted . Letter: Few young people have any concept of what privacy means . Chinese-Indonesian dynasty reshapes a $30bn empire via WhatsApp . Boeing recommends simulator training for 737 Max pilots . 24/7 at Somerset House: keeping step with the march of time . Making Marvels at the Met: mechanical bling that’s fit for a king . Ricky Gervais makes a clever appeal to non-celebrity viewers . Sunderland football club for sale after pressure from fans . Supporting your local high street is the easiest way to go green . Dolce & Gabbana’s high-jewellery extravaganza . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Iranians killed in Qassem Soleimani funeral stampede . Time for the Big Four to rethink auditing’s purpose . Nio’s New Years Day surprise . My kitchen essential: I’d be lost without . . . a decanter . HIIT it where it hurts: New York’s best high-intensity workouts . Uber hails Hyundai flying taxi partnership . Long Bailey blames Labour defeat on Brexit ‘process’ obsession . Bust-up in adland: can M&C survive without Saatchi? . Wall Street influencers: who to look out for in 2020 . Investing for the new decade . There is no easy way to reform our institutions . One Medical: doc of the Bay . Deepika Padukone — a star shines a light on dark truths . Letter: Starry casting has gone to Cummings’ head . China’s private nursing homes out of reach for most of elderly . Tech’s 2020 vision . Metro AG: birds of a feather . Medical cannabis: dope hope . Boris Johnson’s tricky waltz on the world stage . Alasdair Gray’s legacy is a reinvention of Scotland . FirstFT: Today’s top stories . Chss: find the move that won the £2,000 first prize at Hastings . Giving back after getting a lot will not be enough in 2020 . Campaign for shorter market hours gathers momentum in Europe . The dark side of hip office design . Work in the 2020s: 5 essential skills to succeed . ‘Being a mumpreneur has been a wild ride’ . Fed looks forward to ‘boring’ 2020 after frenetic year . Letter: Aramco has the chance to make a difference . Daimler to recall 745,000 Mercedes-Benz vehicles in the US . The best kebabs in Istanbul . Restaurant chains find sustenance in supermarket ranges . The wellness industry is in the spotlight in a new podcast series . What to look for at CES 2020: 8K TV, the passenger economy and ‘smart everything’ . Let’s rebrand a bit of time-wasting as healthy living . Deal agreed on selling Flywheel Sports spin cycle studios . How indoor climbing became the new hangout zone . An Indonesian cruise pushing the edges of experience . Winklevoss twins on crypto’s allure for the ETF world . Motorway services fear grid not ready for electric cars . Turkish jet company blames rogue employee for Ghosn escape . Notting Hill Arts Club — revels with a new cause . Letter: Dublin dipping, immortalised in literature . Winter illuminations transform fortunes of heritage sites . US to deploy 3,500 new troops to Middle East — as it happened . Letter: These days even slippers pass as Friday loungewear . Letter: My £4 was well spent on an end-of-year surprise . Letter: Precisely no change in climactic conditions . Letter: Crackers banned — but the hats were priceless . Letter: Pasture and ruminants will heal the soil . Letter: That would be quite a view . Iranians mourn loss of revered military figure . On digital: Western Stars / Downton Abbey . Kaytranada: Bubba — smooth disco set-up with jazzy R&B trimmings . BuzzFeed: hyper thinking . Angela Gallop: ‘Forensic science has had a tough ride over many years. I’d like to keep helping with that’ . Next: the stable label . Why 2020 promises a revolution for women in art . Nature Unwrapped: music’s environmental inspirations at Kings Place . Succession star Brian Cox on how to get to the dark side . The Safdie brothers on making crime thriller Uncut Gems . The best perfumes for winter . Return of anti-Semitism requires us all to fight back . Deadwater Fell, C4 — a slow-burning, brooding tale . Apocalypse Cow: How Meat Killed the Planet, C4 — a radical take-down of food farming . Ebony Steel Band: Pan Machine — the music of Kraftwerk arranged for steel pans . It’s not the end of the road for Uber drivers . The life-changing magic of cooking . The challenge of educating the left-behind boys . Brahms: Final Piano Pieces — salon music to the nth degree . Buddy Rich: Just in Time — The Final Recording — a stable line-up in blistering form . Burial: Tunes 2011 to 2019 — the shadow-world of UK dance music . Lee ‘Scratch’ Perry: Heavy Rain — still dispensing cosmological wisdom . Alisher Usmanov: ‘I was never what you could call an oligarch’ . Dark Enchantment — a reissued yarn of magic, both black and white . A Month in Siena by Hisham Matar — exquisitely told . The Poem: Elephant by Lorna Goodison . 2020 visions: the year ahead in books . My kitchen essential: I’d be lost without . . . oats . My Addresses: chef-patron Stuart Ralston on the best places to eat in Barbados . FT Weekend Quiz solutions . Screen time: a photography special . From arcades to political avatars: the evolution of video games since the 1980s . How we all became screen obsessives . The TV in the cupboard: Olivia Laing on how television infiltrates our subconscious . Hiroshi Sugimoto: how I photographed an entire movie in a single frame . Every text tells a story: Jeff Mermelstein’s photos of other people’s messages . My life as a video-game gnome mage . Geoff Dyer: ‘Dark Waters’ and how the paranoid style seeped into cinema . The agony and ecstasy of smashing your smartphone screen . How to choose the best diaries, notebooks and pens . 2019: a year in flowers . Vilnius on the up as fintechs prepare for Brexit . Are we living in a golden age of the literary journal? . Cleanness by Garth Greenwell — a precise rendering of intimacy . What’s new in sci-fi? The latest titles reviewed . Manhattan property decline worsened as Wall Street boomed . From ceramics to life drawing: millennials are getting crafty . Why the knitted tabard is a new wardrobe staple . Ingram Pinn’s illustration of the week: Happy New Year . A riff down Memory Lane: how dead stars live on . Turkish youth push back against conservative mores . Meet the designers changing the face of female fitness . Ten people set to shape Wall Street in 2020 . Robots will not be coming for our jobs just yet . How the old won the modern world . Start-ups can benefit from moneyed tech enthusiasts as patrons . Sony joins race to develop vision sensor for self-driving vehicles . Letter: Move parliament north — and save Richmond House . Letter: Venerable Bede forgot to account for year zero . Letter: How could 2020 not belong in the new decade? . Correction: ‘Little Women’ film review . Apple shares hit $300 for first time . Dominic Cummings job ad opens Number 10 to ‘wild cards’ and ‘assorted weirdos’ . DraftKings/SPAC: the Eagle has landed . Cummings set to seize chance for own outside-in Whitehall revolution . New Year — new drama coming to the British stage . Bernie Sanders’ 2020 campaign rakes in $34.5m from small donors . Toy industry: doll squalls . Not Vital brings his transcendental structures to Hauser & Wirth . Pound falls as traders set for year of tricky Brexit talks . Levelling up the UK regions will be easier said than done . Seabird, London: ‘proper, old-school rooftop-restaurant magic’ — restaurant review . Beijing’s delicate balancing act relies on job creation . UK chip group Imagination Technologies strikes new Apple deal . Letter: Scots’ feeling of being trapped in a forced marriage has never been stronger . ‘The Death of Jesus’, the latest novel from JM Coetzee . Video games are easy channel for money launderers . How can I ensure my child gets the best education? . Freelancers and the curse of late payments . Breathless: air quality in British cities remains dangerously low . Army targets Love Island viewers in new recruitment campaign . Letter: Companies need a greater purpose, for their own sake as well as society’s . Why the ‘Boris bounce’ is likely to be shortlived . Google AI system beats doctors in detection tests for breast cancer . Femtech: a fertile area . Baked bean truffles? Why not — we’re mad for mad food . No new batteries needed: the start-ups bringing wireless power to devices . ADHD app: game theory . Synthetic spider silk: positive spin . Enter the mirrorworld: how virtual reality will shape the 2020s . Where to go in 2020: an insiders’ guide . Footballers’ lives: how players choose a property . Warren Buffett spurned Tiffany as deal drought continued . Where to stay in 2020: the most anticipated hotel openings . Hello, Robot: machines designed for comfort — and killing